 
 
 
 
 
The Ultimate Truth in 4 Pages  
The Present  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
by Michael Smith  
  
 
Table of Contents  
Chapter 1 - The Ultimate  Truth  ................................ ..............  1 
Chapter 2 - Big Picture of Life - The Present  ......................  16 
Chapter 3 - Big Picture of Life – Past and Future  ...............  36 
Chapter 4 – Heaven: Last Step in Evolution  .......................  51 
Chapter 5 - Heaven  on Earth  ................................ ...............  69 
Chapter 6 - The Beatles  ................................ .......................  77 
Chapter 7 - The Nature  of Nothing  ................................ ...... 90 
Chapter 8 - Living  and Dying  ................................ ............  97 
Chapter 9 - Seeking  and Knowing  ................................ .. 102 
Chapter 10 - Balanced  Universe  ................................ ..... 108 
Chapter 11 - The Real Story  ................................ ...........  119 
Chapter 12  - Transition  ................................ ......................  129  Globaltruthproject.com    
A man should look for what is and not for what he thinks 
should be. Albert  Einstein  
Truth you can check: It is as matter of fact as the ground and as useful  
as food. It's the kind of truth that can make hate and war as unnecessary 
as ignorance.  
Charles Darwin revealed how evolution works, but not what it really means.  
 
Evolution is no longer just a theory; it has been proven true beyond a 
reasonable doubt. The problem is, even people who believe evolution is 
true disassociate themselves from the process. They somehow skipped all 
the lower forms of animal life and just st arted out at the top of the 
evolutionary ladder.  
The evidence says we evolved as life evolved.  
Human beings did not just appear at the top of the evolutionary ladder to 
reap the benefits of those millions of years of evolution without having to 
live throug h it. 
In other words, you were those other animals. Someone had to be them.  
 
You had to be lower animals to be a human now. You lived as all the 
different animals in your evolutionary line. You lived through millions of 
years, and millions of lives and dea ths to get where you are now. That's 
what Darwin's book means.  
In addition to the fossil evidence, the genetic code proves that all animals, 
including us, evolved from bacteria over the last 700 million years on earth.  
In other words, you were a microbe, a n insect, a fish, a dinosaur, an ape...  
When all of the evidence (100%) says something happened, and there is 
no evidence (zero) that anything else could have happened, it is the truth 
beyond a reasonable doubt to honest, rational people.  
We have come a ve ry, very long way, but we have a little further to go. The 
next and last step in our evolution is learning and accepting the truth of life, 
and this includes acknowledging our true past.  
The truth will free us from the animal world we all evolved from.  
 
 
 
 
1  Globaltruthproject.com   Immortality: "It is impossible to be conscious of being unconscious.”  
It is not possible to be aware of being unconscious from your own perspective . You 
cannot be aware of not being aware. You can be less aware/conscious, such as 
when you are asleep, but not completely unconscious (dead), because time would 
stand still for you. A billion years could pass, and you would not know  it. 
How do you know you are dead? It is not possible to b e aware of any gaps 
in life; it is continuous and never -ending from your own point of view.  
Death and birth are a continuous event from your own perspective.  
You will die physically, but you will be born into a new physical body. Being born 
happens, or you would not be here now. You were born into this life. It  is what we 
know happens. There is no evidence anything else happens. True  or false?  
The "you only live once" theory: Many people say that they do not believe  
in reincarnation; they believe when you die, you're dead. What about fish, 
clams, horses, bears, flies? People that say you only live once are saying 
some souls get to live just one life as a worm, and that is it for all of  eternity.  
Other people believe you are judged by a god after you die. Is the worm judged?  
Many people think human beings are the only animal that is  conscious. Is 
a dog or cat conscious? Where do you draw the line? Is a bird conscious? 
The truth is that all animal life is conscious and ali ve just like us. The only 
thing that makes humans different from other animals is that we have a 
mind that can think and reason at a high enough level to know the truth of 
life, and those that know rise above  animals.  
It is time to see and accept the truth the evidence supports.  
You are immortal; it is impossible to not be, because it is impossible to be 
conscious of being unconscious. Just that one sentence proves it. It is like these 
sentences:  It is impossible  for it to be light and dark at the same  time,  you cannot 
have  your cake  and eat it too. They  are simple,  but certain  facts.  The sentence  "It 
is impossible  to be conscious  of being  unconscious"  is a simple  and certain  fact. 
Energy cannot be created or destroyed; it can only be changed from 
one form to another. Albert Einstein  
Like energy, consciousness cannot be created or destroyed.  
This revelation will change your life. Now you know where you come from and 
what you've been doing for about half a billion years (evolving). The next 
question is how does life work and what is next, and we can know that too.  
2  Globaltruthproject.com   People  are trying to understand  the universe  independent  of 
consciousness, and it is the most important factor in the  equation.  
The universe as it relates to conscious life can be understood now. It is 
the ultimate truth; the truth that will transform mankind and the world.  
"For every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction." FAB = -FBA 
 
People do not realize what Isaac New ton's third law of motion really means.  
Everything is balanced. Everything physical (matter/energy) goes back 
and forth in balanced circles, cycles, or the equivalent. Birth - death, old - 
young, big -small, strong -weak, start -stop, up -down, rich -poor, beginn ing- 
end, fast -slow, hot -cold, pain -pleasure, win -lose, day -night, full -empty, 
high-low, in -out, success -failure, united -divided, give -receive, creation - 
destruction, on -off, positive -negative , etc.  
Positive and negative forces moving in balance are the ph ysical universe.  
 
There are no exceptions to the laws of nature Newton revealed.  They 
apply to all matter and energy. Human beings are matter and energy, thus 
you and all humans are governed by the same  laws.  
Luck: Good luck and bad luck are the balance in action and the way the 
balance most affects our lives. Luck is manifested on many levels. There is 
the day-to-day luck, from little things like getting a good parking space or a 
bad one, to big things, such as winning the lotter y or finding out you have 
cancer. Then there is the long -term luck. You are lucky if you are born with 
good looks, money, health, talent and intelligence. You are unlucky if you 
are born unattractive, poor, sickly and without talent or intelligence. Most 
people are in between the extremes, but it does not matter, because we 
are immortal, and it will all balance out. Luck will move back and forth; 
everyone will get equal amounts of good and bad  luck. 
What goes around comes around. Everyone gets their turn.  
Death is the great equalizer: If you are born with advantages, you can 
have more good times than bad times in your life, but when you die, you 
are reborn with disadvantages, and have more bad times t han good times 
and vice versa. In the long run, no one has it better or worse than anyone 
else does, because life will always balance eventually. It is the known 
nature of the universe we live in. 
 
3  Globaltruthproject.com   If you flip a coin a thousand times, it will come up heads about half the time 
and tails about half the time. The odds of random events are predictable; 
this is why Las Vegas always makes a profit on gambling year after year. 
You can see the truth if you look at the big picture. You will see that 
random events are predictable because they balance. It's a fundamental 
truth of life everyone knows, but  ignores.  
 
This is why on the Fourth of July, about 162 people will be killed in auto 
accidents, and every fourth, about the same amount are killed. An average 
of twelve auto accidents happen every minute; about six -thousand 
teenagers are killed in auto accidents every year in the US. About four 
million people are bitten by dogs.  
 
Why is the number about the same every year?  
 
Everything is determined, the beginning as well as the end, by forces over 
which we have no control. It is determined for insects as well as for the 
stars. Human beings, vegetables or cosmic dust; we all dance to a 
mysterious tune, intoned in the distance. Albert Einstein  
 
Destiny: Not being in control does not mean our future is predestined. No 
one knows the future; the future cannot be known. Anything can happen. 
The only thing we can be certain of i s that it will be balanced.  
 
The good news is, all of the best things are going to happen to you; the 
bad news is, so will all of the worst things, if you do not learn the truth.  
Consequences: People may think, if everything is balanced, then it does 
not m atter what you do. That is true, if you want to continue living in the 
savage animal realm. If you want to evolve past the animal realm, to a 
realm where there is no fear, pain or death, you have to learn and spread 
the truth of life. You have to live as a  spiritual being. If you live like an 
animal, you will continue to be one.  
 
The greatest present: For the first time in history, the first time in our 700 
million years on this planet, we can know life, know what we are, where we 
come from, and where we ar e going. We have to take advantage of this 
brief opportunity. It has been a long time coming and will be a long time 
gone. This book will give you the power to change our present course to 
one that leads to a place without pain, fear or suffering, a place some 
western religions call heaven.  
 
4  Globaltruthproject.com   Keep reading: New and different revelations about life are not easy to 
accept. Do not let the things you disagree with stop you from reading 
further. Many of the things you do not agree with or understan d when you 
first read them will make sense after you read more of the book. Do not 
skip around; it needs to be read in order to make sense. It is a small book 
(134 pages) that does not take much time to read. It is worth  it. 
Sometimes people hold a core belief that is very strong. When they are 
presented with evidence that works against that belief, the new evidence 
cannot be accepted. It would create a feeling that is  extremely 
uncomfortable, called cognitive dissonance. And because it is so important 
to protect the core belief, they will rationalize, ignore and even deny 
anything that doesn't fit in with the core belief. Frantz Fanon  
Cognitive dissonance: Get to know these two words. It is the unseen enemy of 
mankind. It doe s more to cause war, crime and suffering than anything else, 
because it prevents people from learning and changing. If you are ready to 
overcome your cognitive dissonance and learn the truth of life, keep reading.  
The first four pages of this book are a game changer, because they 
are true. The problem is, most people cannot see the truth of life.  
It's not what you look at that matters; it's what you see. 
Henry David  Thoreau  
When you see the truth for the first time, it is what people call a peak moment, 
or a moment of clarity. You get a larger percentage of what each  moment  of 
life actually contains; you are filled with life. Your mind is the gatekeeper  of 
life, and sometimes it lets a little true life in, but most of the time it does not. 
Figure 1 shows how mankind currently perceives life. Figure 2 shows true  life. 
The arrows represent life coming to you from all directions. The dotted line 
shows how your mind blocks most of the life coming to you. Without the 
mind blocking life, you receive all of life, true life , and reflect it all back  out. 
 
5 
 Globaltruthproject.com   Seeing Niagara Falls or the Grand Canyon for the first time is a peak 
moment for most people. Why does it make you feel so alive? Nothing 
really happens t o you. Why doesn’t it feel as good the second time you see 
it? You are seeing the same thing. The reason is, your mind opens up 
when something is special.  
The truth is, every moment of life is special, and you can be completely 
open to life most of the time. You have to see the truth to see true life.  
The obvious is that which is never seen until someone expresses it 
simply. Khalil Gibran  
The truth of life d oes not change anything in life except people's minds. 
Things stay the same. The truth just removes the unnecessary suffering, 
conflict and confusion from life. The truth about life is actually very simple; 
it is just hard to see for the first  time.  
Life: It all boils down to how you feel from moment to moment, how often 
you feel good and how often you feel bad, and it will be balanced like 
everything else physical. Your infinite past was balanced, and your infinite 
future will be too, unless you change fro m a physical being into a spiritual 
being. To change into a spiritual being, you just have to know the truth, 
which changes your point of view and your perspective of life so that you 
start to live your life as a spiritual being.  
Our life does not have to be just fifty -fifty like the physical world, because 
our spiritual -self, our immortal -self, is not physical and does not need to be 
balanced to exist. Our physical environment cannot fundamentally change, 
but we can. You just have to know it to do it.  
Noth ing is going to make any real difference in your life except separating 
yourself from the balanced physical world. It can and will change everything.  
The truth reveals that you do not need to experience the bad to have 
the good. The bad will still happen, but you will perceive it differently.  
Good/bad: When you know the truth, you take the two sides of life, the 
good and bad side, and see them as one whole. You do this by 
understanding what the balancing force means. It means all bad times will 
pass and be compensated for by an equal amount of good times. It also 
means all good times will pass and be paid for with an equal amount of 
bad times. It will always  balance.  
 
6  Globaltruthproject.com   When you know the truth, you will enjoy the good times more and still 
avoid a bad time when you can, but when you cannot, the knowledge of 
the balance helps you get through the bad times. This is because knowing 
that the worse it gets, the better it will b e, makes bad times almost 
enjoyable. More importantly, it centers your perspective of life. You see 
both sides of life; whole life, true  life. 
You do not get just 50/50; you get 100%.  
 
The knowledge of the balance takes away your reasons to be mad, sad, ha te, 
worry, envy, be disappointed; it takes away all negative emotions and feelings.  
It removes all stress and negative mind -made feelings from your life. 
The mind starts disappearing, and true life starts appearing.  
As the mind gets smaller, life gets bigg er. As  the mind shrinks, life 
expands. When the mind disappears completely, your perception of life 
becomes clear. Eventually, you will only think when you have to, which is 
not very often. You will be able to accept the present of life , no matter 
what is happening. You change into a new being, a spiritual being, and you 
become the present, the eternal NOW.  
We want to expand our life, not expand our minds as they did in the 1960’s.  
 
The more you live in the present, the more fulfilling life gets. Time will slow 
down; you will see the magic and wonder of life you saw as a child, and you 
will experience it without the ignorance and all the negative emotions of 
childhood. Soon, you will be able to see life bette r than a child sees it or any 
animal has ever seen it. You will see the real world, an enchanted  world.  
Your two selves: Most people are not aware of the fact that they have two 
different selves. You have a mind and a spirit (consciousness), and though the y 
seem like one thing, they are separate. The way to realize that this is true is to 
realize that something has to be listening to the thoughts created by your mind.  
What is it that hears your thoughts?  
There is the part of you that thinks and the part tha t hears the thoughts. 
The thinking part is your mind; the part that hears the thoughts is your 
spiritual -self. You do not actually hear thoughts through your  ears, 
because your mind is already inside your head. The point is, your spiritual - 
self receives the things the mind creates in a similar way to hearing  them.  
 
7  Globaltruthproject.com   Check it out: Just ask yourself, what is it that is hearing the thoughts you 
are thinking right now?  
It is your spiritual -self, the same thing that receives all life.  
As shown in the drawing, mankind is currently living as their mind -self, and as 
a result, does not know  their spiritual -self. “Know thy self,” as Socrates  said. 
You have to know true life to know your true self.  
 
Perspective and perception: The same world is perceived differently by a frog 
and a cat, a cat and a dog, a dog and a human, a child and an adult,  a woman 
and a man.  You see something  different  than I do. All perspectives  are unique.  
We do not see things the way they are; we see things the way we are. 
People see and experience life through their own mind and senses and 
from their own unique perspective and awareness level. This does not 
change the truth. The physical world will never change; it cannot change 
and still exist, but the way you perceive it can. Perception and perspective 
determine how clearly and truly you see life and how fulfilling or unfulfilling 
life is for you. Knowing the ultimate truth makes it possible for people to 
see life clearly and to be filled by it. 
You cannot control life, bu t you can change the way you see life.  
Animals other than man are more fulfilled, because they have less mind 
blocking life, but they are stuck with the perspective and perception they 
are born with. We (human beings) can greatly improve our perception by 
learning the ultimate truth.  
All the problems we have stem from people not knowing the truth of life.  
Unhappy: People look around and think, why are there so many people 
that are unhappy? We have progressed so far, yet people are still 
unhappy. Why isn’t this world the wonderful place it could  be? 
Changing the world doesn’t change us. It does not matter how much we  
progress materially; it will not change anything. Only learning and seeing 
the truth will change us, and thus change everything.  
The truth transforms a mortal man into an immortal spiritual being.  
It does this because the truth just shows you what you truly are, and that changes 
everything. The truth does the same thing for the way we see the world and for the 
same reason. It shows you life clearly; it shows you true life for the first time.  
8  Globaltruthproject.com   True life is perfect: You can see and experience a perfect life, because 
that is the way life actually is. Our imperfect minds mess it up.  
It is hard to believe from your current perspective and level of awareness, 
but it is your own mind tha t makes life imperfect. The universe has to be 
perfect to exist. You do not have to believe it; you can know it.  
The present: It is interesting that the “NOW" is called “the present.” The 
present is the ultimate gift; it is the gift of truth and life. You are given the 
present every second, and you will receive it forever. The present is the 
only thing that exists, the only thing you are ever conscious of. Your life is 
a series of presents moving through time. The future does not exist until it 
becomes the present. Life is one perpetual  present.  
Creation is happening now: Your body, mind, and the world around it are 
being created from microsecond to microsecond. Things may look the 
same, but they are not; everything is constantly changing and being 
recreated . Our life and our world is being created from moment to moment.  
Life and everything in it is always new.  
People think that they are not good looking enough, young enough, thin 
enough, smart enough, rich enough, etc. They live on the edge of the circle 
and just go around and around forever, lost in the illusions of their minds.  
Greener grass: The concept of past, future, and a distorted perception of 
the present keeps people running for the greener grass on the other side 
of the fence. They mi ss the present in the  process.  
Chasing the horizon: It is like running after the horizon; the faster you go, 
the faster it moves away from you. One day, you realize that you are 
standing on it. What you were running after is where you already are and 
alway s will be.  
All people want is what is in the present, but they do not know it because they 
have never opened it. Almost no one knows what the present really is.  
The present has to be our goal, because it is the only thing that exists.  
The big tease: Your mind will open up part way from time to time to give 
you a taste of true life, and then take it away. It will attach the open 
moments to things that are hard to do, like things that cost a lot of money, 
things that are difficult or dangerous, or things that  the mind considers to 
be new or special. Your mind makes you pay for life in one way or another, 
and never lets you have it for free. 
 
 
9  Globaltruthproject.com   A fulfilling life is always free and always available once you know the truth.  
Fulfilled: It is the way we feel when our minds are completely open to life; 
we become “filled” with life. Being filled with life makes you feel the way 
you want to feel all the time. Fulfillment is true happiness. Doctors say that 
you feel good or happy because of the release of chemicals in your brain 
that make you feel good. This is true; chemicals such as endorphins, 
adrenaline, serotonin and dopamine make you feel good, but they do it by 
just allowing you to feel a little true life. Like all drugs, the effect is 
temporary, and it has a balancing downside. The ultimate truth is not 
temporary and has no down side. No drugs are  necessary.  
In this animal realm, physical pain and pleasure will come and go, but 
you can always be filled with life (fulfilled) once you know the truth.  
Freedom: If you tie your fulfillment to things that happen in your 
environment, you are at the mercy of the constant ly changing environment. 
You will only get a taste of fulfillment when things go your way, when you 
win or get what you want. Spiritual people are fulfilled when they lose. If 
you do not attach your fulfillment to what happens in your environment,  
you can  be fulfilled no matter what happens. True freedom is having the 
ability to be fulfilled independent of what happens in the  environment.  
Almost no one is free now. Only the truth will set you free.  
Being free means being free of the mind that hides true life from  people.  
Instant gratification: Why put requirements on feeling good? True life is being 
given  to us all the time;  we just have  to let it in all the time.  True  life is instant  and 
complete gratification that costs nothing. Being free is in your  head.  
The secret: Most people know you do not need “things” or  things to happen  
to be happy (be fulfilled), but most people do not know how it works. The 
secret is opening your mind. Without thought and negative  emotions,  the 
same thing happens that happens when you get what you think you want.  
You become as sensual as you can possibly be; you become your senses.  
 
You can feel b etter than you would feel if you just won the lottery everyday. 
Why not? It is just a state of mind, or state of no -mind. It is your life; just take 
what is coming to you. You can be fulfilled whenever you want.  
The present is for you.  
Being fulfilled, being filled by life all the time, is the true goal of mankind. 
Everything that people do, directly and indirectly, good and bad, is to be fulfilled 
by life. Once you know the truth, you can skip all the things and just be fulfilled.  
 
10  Globaltruthproject.com   Empty: As shown in the drawing, the mind makes it impossible to know 
reality (true life) and to be fulfilled. The present with the mind blocking and 
distorting it is not fulfilling. It leaves you empty and full of desire for 
something to fill  the emptiness. The things the mind does to try to fill the 
void just block life more. The more people run towards what they think they 
want, the more they miss it.  
 
Something missing: People feel that something is missing, because 
something is missing; tr ue life is missing.  
The door: Your mind is like a door, and for most, it is currently closed. You 
have to have a truly open mind to learn the truth and experience true life 
(the present).  
 
That which is: The literal meaning of the word “truth” is “that which is.” 
The living truth = that which is. That which is = the  present.  
The truth of the past = that which was. The truth of the future = that which 
will be. You can only truly know “that which is,” because no w is the only 
thing that exists. The past is a memory or a story. The future is just an 
educated guess. You can only know the true past and what the true future 
will be by knowing “that which is possible.” If you know how life works, 
you will know everythi ng. 
 
Definition of ultimate truth: It is knowing the truth of life. It is knowing the 
fundamental, eternal laws of nature, and the nature of the mind which 
distorts and hides the truth. It is an accurate and complete understanding 
of “that which  is.” 
 
You do not and cannot understand every detail of life and do not have to. 
You just have to understand the big picture, the fundamental nature of life.  
 
This truth never changes, because “that which is” can never change. It 
cannot change and exist. When you know life completely, you become life 
completely.  
 
Self-evident: There is nothing easier to know than the truth, because it is 
life itself. It is nothing more and nothing less. The truth is the present, 
THE NOW.  
 
 
11  Globaltruthproject.com   It is all true: The truth is simply everything there is, everything that truly 
exists. If it does not exist, it is not the truth; if it does, it is. “That which is” is 
everything except for the deceptions created by the mind.  
 
The truth is incontrovertible; malice may attack it, ignorance may 
deride it, but in the end, there it is. Winston Churchill  
 
2 + 2 = 4: It does not equal anything else. The truth is, there is only one 
truth. Believing 2 + 2 = 5 or 6 or anything else does not make it true. There 
are an infinite amount of wrong answers, but only one true answer.  
 
Hope/belief: Believing and hoping something is true or going to be true 
does not make it true, if you do not start with the real truth. It is the truth, or 
it is not. There is no way to make something that is not true, true. There is 
only one  truth.  
 
Faith in faith: In and of itself, belief, faith, hope, wishing, good luck 
charms, holy relics, symbols, positive thinking, good intentions, praying, 
curses, voodoo, magic spells, fortune tellers, psychics, etc. do not do 
anything except make people feel like they have som e control over life.  
They are just coping strategies.  
 
If you believe a fairytale or myth is true, you will not live happily ever after.  
 
People that currently have faith/belief in a myth are a force against the truth.  
 
Believing in things that do not exis t is the worst thing you can do.  
Religious people want to believe so badly, they will ignore scientific evidence, 
reason, common sense and their own better judgment. Religions have 
perverted the meaning of the word "truth". The Webster's Dictionary definit ion 
says what the word means - truth: being in accord with fact or reality  
Many things religious people say they believe are not in accord with fact or 
reality. They are myths, superstition, hope, not truth. To say it is truth is a 
lie. True or false? In other words, most of the world's traditional religions 
are spreading lies an d many know it, which in addition to being liars makes 
them dishonest hypocrites. The ones that do not know they are lying think 
they are doing the will of their god, when in truth, they are doing the will of 
the enemy of their god, Satan, who is defined i n their holy books as the 
great deceiver, the king of all lies.  
 
12  Globaltruthproject.com   The real truth unites people; it does not divide them. It makes sense,  
and it applies to everyone, everywhere, all of the time. It creates clarity, not 
confusion. The truth leads to real equality, freedom, peace, love and 
understanding. The real truth only asks you to believe in something you 
can check for  yourself.  
 
Anyone who cares about the truth enough to check what it is will 
know the truth. Those who do not care enough will not learn the truth 
and will be lost and deserve to be lost.  
 
Monkey see, monkey do: Most people just tell people what they have 
been told th e truth is. They just accept what others say the truth is, 
especially if it  is  what people have been accepting as the truth for 
thousands of years. It is monkey see, monkey do.  
 
Second -hand truth should not be believed or repeated without checking it out 
for yourself. The age of playing follow the leader is ending now. Second -hand 
truth is called hearsay in a court of law, and it is not admissible for  an 
important reason; it has proven not to be a dependable source of the truth.  
 
What could be more irres ponsible than saying something is true without knowing 
beyond a reasonable doubt that it is true? Billions of people are doing it.  
Do not believe what anyone says, including me; check things for 
yourself. You have to see the truth yourself in life itself to know it.  
You are at what could be the end of a very long and difficult quest. You now 
have the opportunity to complete the quest and leave the animal realm  
forever. The only real difference between mankind and other animals is our 
ability to reason and think. Thus, reason has to be what we have to use to 
evolve further. We have to use what  sets us apart from other  animals.  
 
The truth: You now know “the truth” part of the truth and life. There are 
only five fundamental things you need to know, and they are the following:  
1. Our true history.  
2. You are  immortal.  
3. Everything will  balance.  
4. You are a spiritual  being.  
5. The present is  everything.  
 
13  Globaltruthproject.com   Like water: The thirteen pages you just read explain the truth of life, but 
just reading the thirteen pages is not enough; it is just the start. The truth is 
like water, and it will slip through your fingers. You need to read this whole 
book and do the things the book  says to do to hold onto the truth and 
benefit from it.  
Repetition: If something is repeated, it makes a bigger impression and 
changes your brain more, changes your inner environment more. Thus, the 
more repetition, the better. That is why I repeat some th ings many times 
and say the same thing many different ways. TV advertisers repeat 
commercials for this reason.  
As a single footstep will not make a path on the earth, so a single thought will 
not make a pathway in the mind. To make a deep physical path, we walk 
again and again. To make a deep mental path, we must think over and over  
the kind of thoughts we wish to dominate our lives. Henry David  Thoreau  
Simple: It is important to simplify the way you see and know l ife; it is the 
only way it can be known. It can be almost infinitely complicated, and trying 
to understand it all is what mankind is trying to do. We have to go the other 
way and see and know it in the most simple way, because it is the only  
way we can know all that can be known. We can never know all the 
details, they are infinite and it is impossible, but we can know the simple  
big picture of life. That is what this book attempts to  do. 
 
Every thing should be made as simple as possible, but not one bit 
simpler. Albert Einstein  
 
What  is said in this book  is not just a theory;  it is what  the evidence  says.  It 
is truth  you can check,  and that makes  it the real truth  and the only  truth.  
You just have to check it out for yourself so you know you know it and remember 
it until it sinks in. It has to go deep into your subconscious. You have to see the 
truth in every moment without thinking about it; you have to know it intuitively.  
Without the truth, there can be no real morality, justice, equality, unity, 
success, freedom, love, security, peace, spirituality or even  survival.  
Only the truth can stop the wars and make the world the paradise it can be.  
 
 
 
14  Globaltruthproject.com   Friend to all: It is important to understand we do not want to hurt anyone 
or anything. We want to fix people and institutions that are flawed, that are 
sick and infected with BS. We just have the medicine, the cure. We want 
everyone to get better, especially the “bad guys.” We are not anyone's 
enemy; we want to make love, not war. When the people living in  the dog 
eat dog animal world, playing the power game, the get rich and famous 
game, see the truth of life, they will realize that they are their own worst 
enemy. They will change, because it is in their best interest to change. 
They will change for selfis h reasons, which is fine as long as they see the 
truth of life and get on the path to a paradise on earth.  
 
Common denominator: The truth is the only thing that can unite all 
human beings. It is what we all have in common, and that will never 
change. There is only one sky for all of us. Everyone eats, breathes, is 
born and dies, etc. The ultimate truth is universal truth ; it is the same for 
everyone, everywhere. It always has been and always will be. We can 
now know the truth about life and  death.  
The difference between knowing and not knowing is checking. 
Nothing could be more simple. If you care enough about the truth to check 
what it is, you will know the truth of life. The sad truth is, most pe ople do 
not care, and mankind and our world are being destroyed as a result. If 
you care, now is the time to prove  it. 
 
If everyone looked at the big picture of life, we would see the same thing. This 
simple thing would unite human beings, and we would liv e in paradise.  
Reason: We can now use our ability to reason, deductive logic, and 
extrapolation of the known evidence to know and understand things the 
evidence does not reveal directly, such as life after death . We have 
progressed enough to know and under stand the fundamental truth of life.  
It will transform us and our world.  
 
 
 
LIFE KNOWING LIFE IS THE WAY  
 
 
 
 
15  Globaltruthproject.com   Chapter 2  
Big Picture of Life Experienced in the Present  
The overman, who has organized the chaos of his passions, given 
style to his character and become creative, aware of life’s terrors, he 
affirms life without resentment. Friedrich Nietzsche  
The truth of the balance is the most clear at the edges of physical  reality. If 
you look at the biggest things in the universe, the stars and planets, you 
will see that they are all going in balanced circles (orbiting) around each 
other. If you look at the smallest things that make up all matter and atoms, 
you will see th e same thing, electrons going around a nucleus. The edges 
reveal clearly the fundamental nature of our reality. Everything is going 
around in circles. As you become more aware, you begin to see that all 
physical things in between the biggest and smallest a re doing the same 
thing in one way or another. Soon it will be as clear to you as night and 
day, and you will know the nature of everything.  
 
On the quantum level, things are not predictable, but we do not live there.  
 
Change: The key truth is the knowledg e of the balancing opposites, 
because you can see this truth in action everywhere you look. Change or 
movement is caused when parts of a cycle or system are out of balance. 
They always will move or change to balance. Example: In the weather 
system, when th ere is a high pressure zone and a low pressure zone, the 
air in the high pressure zone will move into the low pressure zone causing 
wind and bad weather.  
There are two types of truth: truth you know and the truth you experience.  
 
The mind truth is the opposite of the living or real truth. They cannot exist 
together, so you have to sacrifice one for the other. Mankind is currently 
sacrificing life for the mind. We just have to do the opposite. We have to 
start living in “that which is” and stop just thinking about it all the time. We 
just have to get our minds out of the way; they are blocking true life. You 
do not have to think if you know life.  
The truth and life: When you know the truth, you can be completely aware of 
everything c oming to you through your life senses; you will experience true life.  
Truth = life, life = truth, but you have to learn all the truth to get all the life.  
 
 
16  Globaltruthproject.com   The more you see the truth, the more you will see the life. The more you 
see life, the more you will see the truth. They build on each other, and your 
knowledge of them grows until you know life completely and become life.  
Truth first: People have it backw ards. They want true life  before they 
know the truth, and as a result, they never get the truth or life. People can 
get close and look like they have it all, especially the big stars in show 
business. They look like they are full of life and everyone want s to be like 
them, but they do not have it all. Even having 99% is not all of it. You need 
it all to take the next step in evolution and become a spiritual being. How 
can you live completely what you do not know completely? When you 
know life completely, y ou start living it completely.  
How can you enjoy life before you know how life works? No one can fully 
enjoy life until they know why things happen and where their life will lead. 
Money, sex, success, power, fame, will not work. The truth is the only way.  
Many spiritual teachers who claim to be enlightened say you need to 
experience life first, through meditation, etc. They say that the way to know 
the truth is through the experience of life. They say that because they do 
not know the truth, not all of it, so they cannot say what the truth is. They 
say to experience life to know the truth, because it seems like that can be 
done, but actually that cannot be done. When people do not know the full 
truth, it means they have never experienced life fully, or they would know 
the ultimate truth.  
How can someone be enlightened and not know the truth? Knowing 
the truth would have to come with enlightenment, or you would not 
be enlightened. True or  false?  
There are revelations in this book that no guru, prophet, or any  spiritual 
master knew, so no one has really been enlightened. There have been many 
that thought they were and convinced others they were, but they did not know 
all the truth of life, and that is a fact you can check. Many have known parts of 
the puzzle of the truth of life. This book for  the first time adds  the last pieces 
to the puzzle. Many of the great prophets of the past knew the time was not 
right, and they did what they could until the right time came. That  time is now.  
I am not saying the great prophets and spiritual leaders of the past did not 
become enlightened masters. They did, but not when and how the 
unenlightened people of this world think. The prophets and seers of the past 
brought new revelations and built on each others understanding, but the 
ultimate truth could not be fully revealed until  now. 
Now you can know the complete truth of life for the first time in history.  
 
17  Globaltruthproject.com   Finding the ultimate truth of life and death is t he true mission of mankind.  
 
The question is, why is it so difficult to see and express the truth clearly now?  
Something has to be hiding the truth and life.  
 
Why do we have so much trouble seeing the true nature of our lives? It 
should be the most obvious  thing there is. Why do people have so many 
different opinions and beliefs about what the ultimate truth is when  it 
should be self -evident? We all live in the same world, so why does 
everyone see it differently?  
 
Your inner environment: This is your environment from your skin in, from 
your senses in. This environment is where your mind lives. It is between  
life and your spiritual -self; it is the closest thing to  you. 
 
The mind is so close to your spirit that most people do not realize that they 
are two separate things. The mind creates the illusion that it is the spirit.  
Sixth sense: People do have a sixth sense; their own mind. You have the 
senses of sight, hearing, sm ell, touch, taste and mind. Your mind is like a 
sense, because your consciousness or spiritual -self senses or experiences 
the mind’s thoughts, emotions, and feelings the same way it does light, 
sounds, sensations, scents and tastes. You receive the input f rom your 
mind the same way you receive input from your five life senses, but what 
the mind creates is not real/true.  
 
Word/life: Your five life senses sense life. Your mind produces and sends 
you things that do not come from life; it sends you things it makes up itself. 
It creates and sends you emotions, desires, thoughts, guilt, fears and 
worries, etc. Your mind blocks most of the life coming to you, and what it 
does not block, it converts into thoughts and feelings; it turns life into its 
mental code for life. 
 
Your mind attempts to reduce all of life to words, feelings, and abstract 
thoughts or bytes of data. Example: Your sense of sight sees a rose. 
Instead of coming to you directly as all that a rose really is, it is turned into 
the word “rose”. It is t hen disregarded or filed away as a memory without 
letting you experience it.  
 
 
18  Globaltruthproject.com   Editing your life: If you have seen something before, your mind does not 
consider it important to see it again and does not let you see it; the mind 
edits your life. When you see a rose through the mind, you do not see it as 
it truly is. Your mind does this with everything u nless it perceives it as new, 
special, or dangerous.  
By reducing real things to words or thoughts, they can be processed in your 
mind. We are paying a high price for this; we pay with our life. It was 
necessary in the past to be able to process life this way to help us get control 
of an unknown and dangerous world. It is no longer necessary to do it much  
of the time, but people still do it all the time anyway. It is like a bad  habit.  
All of this is going on between your spiritual -self and life. It is the 
reason why people cannot see the truth and experience true  life. 
We paid a high price to get where we are now. The time has come to stop 
giving all our life to our minds. To do it, you just have to see things like you 
are seeing them for the first time . It is that simple, but you have to know 
the truth to do  it. 
True religion is real living. Albert Einstein  
Take control of our minds: We now know enough and have enough 
control of the world. We no l onger need to miss most of our lives. We need 
to see all of life now to see the real threats to our survival and become 
spiritual beings. It is time to start getting control of ourselves to get control 
of our minds. It is our false perspectives and lack of  awareness that are the 
greatest dangers to us.  
The greatest danger to mankind is now mankind.  
The mind of human beings has become too powerful and dangerous to be 
out of control. The thing (our minds) that helped our survival the most will 
be what destroy s us if we do not get control of them soon.  
Right and wrong: Without the ultimate truth, no one really knows what to do 
or why to do it, and that is becoming very dangerous. About ten countries are 
known to have nuclear weapons, and it is estimated that at least thirty -two 
countries are trying to get them. There are also biological and chemical 
weapons, and people do not know right from wrong yet. Weapon technology  
is evolving faster than we are. Technology is making it easier and easier for 
fewer and fewer people to do greater and greater  damage.  
Just greed will destroy the environment if the truth is not seen soon.  
 
19  Globaltruthproject.com   People are going to have to see the value of the universal truth. It will 
create a unity we need for survival and our fu ture evolution. If people do 
not, there will be no future, no matter what you or anyone else wants to 
believe. Wishful, hopeful thinking is what is creating most of the  BS that 
will lead to the end of mankind very soon. We live in a fragile environment, 
and very few can see how  fragile.  
Truth alone will endure, all the rest will be swept away before the tide of 
time. I must continue to bear testimony to truth even if I am forsaken by all. 
Mine may today be a voice in the wilderness, but it will be heard wh en all 
other voices are silenced, if it is the voice of Truth. Mohandas Gandhi  
Optimism is a good thing to a point, but people are way too sure everything 
will work out well. That is not what the evidence says. Without the truth, there 
is no hope. This is why it is essential that people learn the truth soon. Right 
and wrong cannot be known without knowing what is true and what is  not  
true. Great power without great understanding will destroy much of what we 
have gained over a very long time. We may not kill the whole human race, but 
we will set it back in a catastrophic way for certain and do it very soon.  
It is like we are driving too fast on a dangerous mountain ro ad blindfolded.  
The mind creates fear, worry, guilt, regret, sadness, envy, greed, hate and 
all other mind -made, negative feelings you receive. These uncontrolled 
emotions are creating all the misery in the world. You just have to realize 
that they are not  real/true, and they will disappear. Why live with pain and 
suffering that is just created by the mind?  
Why let your own mind hurt you?  
Just as you do not have to think thoughts that you do not want to think, you 
do not have to feel the negative emotions a nd feelings the mind creates.  
If the mind is creating something, it can stop creating it.  
If you know the truth, you do not have to live with anything that is not real. 
You just have to live one -hundred percent with what is real, and it  will 
leave no room  in your life for anything that is not real. Displace the mind’s 
BS with life’s  truth.  
It is all about seeing true life. Most people have to suffer a lot before  
they even start really looking, but it is not necessary. Most of the suffering 
in your life is created by the mind, and most of the world’s troubles are  
also. We have suffered enough; it is time to find the truth and divine life  
and be fulfilled. All we have to do is take control of our minds to do it. The 
age of the mind is coming to an end. 
 
20  Globaltruthproject.com   The truth is the key to controlling your mind.  
The word "man" comes from ancient Sanskrit and means  "mind." 
Mankind is  mindkind.  
Mind -self: The mind is a great tool if we have it under control. The problem is 
that most don’t have their minds under control. The mind has been so useful 
to our survival that we have given it complete power over our  lives.  
We have begun to believe that we are our minds. This falsehood puts 
our minds in control of us.  
We cannot be our minds, because our minds end at death, and we do not. 
We cannot, because we are immortal, and our minds or brains are not. Our 
mind is a bioche mical and bioelectric part of our bodies. It exists in the 
brain, and it is destroyed when the rest of our body is destroyed at death, 
just as a computer’s data is destroyed when a computer’s hard drive is 
destroyed. Your mind can be destroyed even sooner than death by brain 
injuries and diseases, such as Alzheimer's and some mental diseases.  
 
We can be certain that we are not our mind, because if it was gone, we would 
still be here. We would still be aware of life, actually more aware of life, 
completely a ware of it. The mind does not give us life; we give the mind life.  
The mind’s job is done: The mind is like a sophisticated computer. Its function is to 
learn, remember, process, and understand life and the things in it. The ultimate thing 
for the mind to learn and understand is the nature of life itself; our true past, potential 
future, and the nature of nature. Once we know the ultimate truth, our  mind’s 
ultimate job is done. Its reason for evolving is accomplished. Thus,  the 
mind’s purpose is fulfilled. When the truth is known, it is finished.  
 
Master/servant: Once you know the “mind truth” or “intellectual truth,” your mind 
can take you no further. The mind needs to relax and become just a technical 
consultant. The mind needs  to become your servant and stop being your master.  
The age of the mind: The mind has been such a big part of our world that 
a worldwide religion of the mind has developed. People have faith in the 
mind. People think the mind is the key to our success in e verything. This 
has given the mind too much power over us. The mind has become God 
on this  planet.  
 
21  Globaltruthproject.com   More than minds: The mind is the king of this world. Just about  all 
institutions, schools, businesses, and governments promote and support the 
mind. This is all fine and good, as long as we know that we are more than our 
minds, that our minds are just a very small and temporary part of us. 
Behind your thoughts and feelings, my brother, there stands a  mighty 
ruler. An unknown sage - whose name is self. In your body he dwells. 
There is more reason in your body than in your best  wisdom.  
Friedrich Nietzsche  
The truth and the life is the last frontier.  
 
Using our mind was the key to our success in the past, but it wi ll have to 
see itself and change itself for us to be a success in the future or even to 
survive. The mind will still be the key to the next step in evolution, but not 
by doing what it has done in the past. Our minds have to change for us 
to thrive and surv ive. 
We need an age of the spirit now. Our spirit must be seen as the more 
important part of us. Spirit is the real part, the eternal part, what we have 
always been and always will be, the real us.  
Step up: Your mind must step down so that your true self, your eternal 
spiritual -self, can step up. This is the next and last step in your evolution. 
Your mind needs to get out of the way, so you can learn the spiritual truth, 
the living truth, the real truth, the truth that is beyond the mind.  
The mind: It is ju st a tool that should only be used when it is needed. You 
use a hammer when you need to pound a nail. When you do not need it, 
you put it away. Your mind is always there when you need it. You use a 
chair when you need to sit down, but you don't carry it ar ound with you all 
the time. It would weigh you down. As the last Beatles' song said: "Boy, 
you're going to carry that weight a long time."  
Take care of business: You do not have to worry about not thinking 
enough to take care of business. The only problem you will have is the 
problem you always have had; thinking too much to live in the present, to 
live in the truth and the life.  
Computers: Let the machines do the thinking. Our goal is not to think, but 
to live, and we never have to worry about machines doing it better. 
Computers are being developed so that we can think less and live more.  
22  Globaltruthproject.com   With the knowledge of the ultimate truth, you are no longer mankind, or 
mind -kind, because you are no longer going to live as a mind; you are a 
new being. You are going to live as an immortal spirit.  
 
It is only when we forget all our learning that we begin to  know. 
Henry David Thoreau  
The full potential of the mind: Using your mind less does not mean you 
are not using your mind to its full potential; less is more. The less you  
block life, the more you will know it. The better you know life, the better 
your mind can serve  you. 
 
Know eve rything: When the mind is on standby, it is still in the game. It is 
completely aware of the world right along with you.  
The only source of knowledge is experience. Albert Einstein  
 
You will think less, but know a lot more, because you will experience a lot 
more, and what you experience will be real, not a deception or illusion. 
When you use your mind less, you are doing what the mind is meant to do, 
what it evolved to do. You are using your mind to its absolute full potential  
if you use it to overcome its elf in order to know true  life. 
 
Friend or foe: Your mind can be your worst enemy or your best friend. If 
you are using it to overcome or transcend itself and realize the truth and 
life, it is your best friend. If not, it is your worst enemy; it will distract you 
and prevent you from seeing the truth and true life in one way or another.  
 
True life: You are only receiving a very small percentage of all the light 
that enters your eyes, the sounds that enter your ears, the sensat ions 
coming from inside and outside your body, all the scents in the air and 
tastes in food. Your mind is distorting, filtering, interpreting and blocking 
most of life, as shown in the drawing. The first time you experience life 
completely, it will astound  you. It is the best thing there is or can be, and it 
is here all the time in every moment of your life, just waiting for you to let it 
in. You will be truly alive, born for the first  time.  
 
 
 
 
23  Globaltruthproject.com   You still have a mind filtering the input of life. It does does not let 
everything in; it  lets divine life in (perfect life), but divine life is not 
composed of everything coming to you. Your mind has to be discerning, or 
life would have no definition. It would just be a flood of sensation, and that  
would be too much; too much of a good thing. The mind that knows the 
truth of life lets in all that comprises the best possible life experience, true 
life. It's more than the mind of man lets in, but not  everything.  
The divine mind works like a sound equalizer that controls the volume of 
different instruments in a band, to make it sound the best it can sound. It is 
very subtle, and doesn't block life as the animal mind does, but it does 
regulate the input.  
People are too unconscious to know that they are unconscious. 
They are too closed -minded to know that they are closed -minded. 
They are too asleep to know that they are asleep.  
Hypnosis: Mankind is hypnotized. Hypnotized means to be put into a state 
of semi -consciousn ess, a waking sleep. The problem is that we have been 
hypnotized to not know we are hypnotized.  
Under a spell: It is like we are under a spell that has put us to sleep. We 
need the kiss of truth to wake up from this spell.  
You will be carefree, but not careless, child -like, but not childish, 
innocent, but not ignorant. You will not need anything, but have it all.  
Two ways: There are only two ways to experience life: through the animal 
mind or not through the animal mind. You have two choices in every moment 
of life: to be with your mind or to be with life. The choice is  yours.  
Your five life senses are much more tha n the sum of their parts. Together, 
completely open, they reveal true life. You wake up from a long sleep.  
You do not need all five senses to know true life; you can be deaf and  blind 
and still experience  it. It is just about  getting  your  mind  out of the way.  
It is just a change of perspective from being a man/spirit to a 
spirit/man.  True  life is everything  except  the mind’s  illusion  of “reality.”  
24  Globaltruthproject.com   The significant problems we have cannot be solved at the same level 
of thinking with whic h we created them. Albert Einstein  
The mind is the problem: The mind cannot solve this problem the way it 
usually solves problems, because it is the problem and did not know it until 
now. Its very presence is in the way of life. It is this awareness that 
gradually gives you the ability to change your mind’s nature, to open up 
and stay open. It takes some practice before you can do it, but you will get 
a knack for  it. 
 
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are. 
Theodore Roosevelt  
 
You do not have to go to a cave and chant; just start opening up your 
perception everywhere you are, whenever you can.  
 
Our senses give our spirit a window to the physical universe.  
 
Our bodies have just one purpose, and that is to supp ort our senses. 
Our bodies are simply a physical support system for our senses.  
 
This is because it is our senses that open up  the world of physical life to 
us. Our bodies just support and move our senses around for us. Our 
bodies and physical life have n o other reason for existing. We need to 
become our senses.  
You just have to remember, the goal of your life is to be more aware of it. 
How can that not be the most important and most worthwhile thing to do?  
I don’t believe people are looking for the meaning of life as much as 
they are looking for the experience of being alive. Joseph Campbell  
The things you get through your senses comprise your entire life, nothing 
more, nothing less. Life is everything; ther e is nothing else but life.  
True  happiness  is… to enjoy  the present,  without  anxious 
dependence upon the future. Lucius Annaeus  Seneca  
It is not the years in your life that count; it is the life in your years. 
Abraham Lincoln  
 
25  Globaltruthproject.com   You should devote your life to life, because life is the only thing that exists. 
The present is the only thing that really exists; how can it not be the goal?  
Your best: To take the next step in evolution, you have to do the absolute best 
you can do in thi s life with what you have to work with. Your absolute best is to 
learn and live in the truth and life. It is all you have to do to win the game.  
 
Every moment in the present is perfect and complete in and of itself.  
 
Life is without meaning. You bring the meaning to it. The meaning 
of life is whatever you ascribe it to be. Being alive is the meaning. 
Joseph  Campbell  
 
What is life? It is simply everything real that is in the present. Life lasts 
forever, because it is impossible for it not to from your own point of view. We 
also know that life is balanced, that it is absolutely fair for every living  thing.  
Overcoming: We also know how to overcome the balance with the truth of 
life (perspective), thus we are in the process of overcoming pain and all 
negat ive feelings and emotions, so we can be fulfilled by life forever.  
Could  anything  be more  amazing  or wonderful?  How  can people  just take it 
for granted? How can you be unhappy in light of the true  situation?  
Life is the most realistic movie possible; it is in the ultimate high definition 
and surround sound. It is even in smell -o-vision, and we are the stars of it 
forever. How can that be beat?  
Getting into life completely should be the obvious goal, but people  are 
doing the opposite by trying everything they can do to escape it. The mind 
is anti -life, the opposite of life. The truth makes it possible to be into life 
completely and above it. By "above it," I mean able to see all of life.  
Life is what happens to you while you’re busy making other 
plans. John Lennon  
Life goals: Naturally, you have other goals besides finding the truth and life. 
You will have a much better chance of attaining them if your primary goal is  
the truth and the life, the present. It will help you do everything you do  better.  
 
 
26  Globaltruthproject.com   The mind and society that is dominated by the mind is goal oriented, and 
that is a good thing to a point. You need to have goals and plans, but you 
do not have to think about them all the time as pe ople do now. You just set 
them as a guideline for your life, and then live in the present as you work 
towards them.  
Your ultimate goal is always to live in the truth and life, the present.  
The future is not as important as the present, simply because it do es not 
really exist. Keep your eye on the prize, true life. People now have their 
priorities backwards. Focus on the present instead of worrying about a 
non-existent future.  
It is all about accepting yourself and your situation, accepting the present.  
 
True love: When you succeed in opening up  the present completely for 
the first time, you kind of feel like you did when you fell in love for the first 
time. You begin to notice all the little things, the birds singing, etc. You like 
it a lot, and you feel like you are reborn, because you are reborn to true 
life. You are falling in love with life itself. It will never leave you or stop 
giving itself  to you  completely.  
It is true love, a love that will last forever, a love that never dies. 
When you see true life, all you feel is awe and wonder; it is sublime.  
Commitment: If you commit yourself to this love affair, you will be 
completely fulfilled fore ver. It demands your total commitment, but that is 
not asking much when you get back literally everything.  
All you need is love, but not carnal love; you need love of the truth and life.  
 
Everything: When you commit to the truth and life, you are actually 
committing yourself to everything in life. Every part of your new life, from 
your job to your family, will benefit from it. By totally committing to just one 
thing (the present), you totally commit to everything in your life at the same 
time. How could it be easier? This is something you can start today. There 
is no time but the present.  
2 = 0: When you really see the opposites as a whole, they disappear, and 
the mind disappears also. There is no you and life; there are not two, not 
even one. You are everyt hing, and everything is you. Knowledge of the 
balancing opposites makes the mind disappear, because the mind knows it 
is not needed, that life is safe, fair, and that life is on autopilot.  
 
27  Globaltruthproject.com   Nothing is more secure and certain than your life  when you know the truth.  
 
The truth is the exact opposite of what people think, because they think on a 
physical level. On the physical level, nothing is more certain than death. On 
the spiritual level, the opposite is true; nothing is more certain than  life. 
 
This is why the truth is so important; it shows you what you really are and 
what is really happening all the time. The truth shows you that life is 
perfect all the time. Life is in absolute control, and everything will be fair 
and perfect. You and everyone else will live balanced lives, no matter what 
you do or do not do. 
 
The only question is, do you want to do better than a balanced life?  
 
No one is doing better or worse than anyone else. Some people are up 
right now materially, a nd some people are down, but it is a cycle, and 
everyone gets the same amount of good and bad. It would not be fair any 
other way, would it?  
 
When you see the whole of life, you get the whole, not just half -and-half. 
Any pleasure you get without true life will be balanced. Why pursue it?  
The only pleasure you really want is the bliss that comes from knowing the 
truth and life and living in the present. It is the only thing that has true 
value. If you just get your mind out of your own way and let life happen, 
you will get what you really want. You will get all that there is or ever will 
be. It is that simple. Knowing it and doing/living it are two different things, 
but knowing it is the start.  
 
The next best thing to finding true life is lo oking for it. You cannot lose.  
 
Waking up: Your controlling mind will begin to know that it cannot  help 
you as much when it is active as when it is on standby. It will begin to 
understand what it has to do in order to make further  progress.  
 
When your mind understands, it will help you know true life; it will 
begin to open itself up when it is not needed.  
 
 
 
28  Globaltruthproject.com   Eternal partner: Your spiritual -self cannot do anything for itself. It needs a 
mind as a partner to get things done, inc luding opening itself up when it is 
not needed. Before the mind can help you, it first has to understand it is  
the problem.  
 
The solution is the problem: It is not easy for your mind to realize that it 
is the problem, because it has always been just the solution to problems 
until now. Understanding it is the problem will take your mind some getting 
used to and some time to reprogram itself. It will do it; its true purpose is to 
serve the  spirit.  
 
True perspective: You cannot see your mind from your current 
perspective and level of awareness, because you are looking through the 
mind at the mind. The mind is trying to see itself through itself. That is why 
your perspective must change before you can see it clearly. You have to 
look from your spirit, your true self, to see it. Then can you see the mind for 
what it is and how it is the adversary of life.  
 
What we are looking for is what is looking.  
 
Your mind is now in front of your spirit, and it needs to be behind 
you. People live as man/ spirit and need to live as spirit/man. It is just 
a matter of perspective and awareness.  
The mind is not alive unless you let it steal your life.  
 
The mind is not a living being, but it will resist giving up control as long as 
you give it your life. If you do, it will become a living being; it will be you  
and try to survive like all living  beings.  
 
You have to take the time to honestly get to know yourself. You have to know 
the nature of both your mind -self and spiritual -self to know the ultimate truth.  
Black hole: Human beings are currently filled with the mind; there is no 
room for life. When you turn it off, you empty yourself, and life naturally 
rushes in to fill the void. You become like a black hole, and life pours into 
you from every direction. A black hole does not let anything out; a spiritual 
being reflects it all back out.  
 
 
29  Globaltruthproject.com   Center of the universe: When you experience life equally from all 
directions, you experience natural life, true life.  
You become the center of the universe , because that is what you truly 
are. The universe is infinite in all directions, so no matter where you 
move, you will always remain in the exact center.  
 
You may be saying that this is a good way to look at it, but it is more than 
that, because it is the truth; it is the only true way to look at the big picture 
of life.  
 
When I walk, I am not just walking on the street; I am walking through 
the center of my  own personal universe.  
Religions were right; we are at the center of the universe. Galileo, Kepler, 
and Copernicus were also right from the mind’s perspective, but from your 
own perspective, the only perspective that really matters to you, you are at 
the center of the universe, and that is the only place you can be in an 
infinite universe.  
 
First step: When you realize that you are the center of the infinite universe 
and always will be, you realize how special you are. You are always at the 
exact center of  life. All life that comes to your center is just for you and no 
one else. You are living in your own unique universe where everything is 
just for you.  
 
Living with the awareness that you are the center of everything is the first 
step people take to becomi ng a spiritual being. This is because it is the 
easiest thing to do. You can do it with your mind the way it is, and with 
other people  around.  
 
Most people can do it right away. Try it right now, and you will see it  is 
true. You will see you really are the center of the universe. You will see 
that life really is coming from every direction, and no matter what you do, 
that never  changes.  
 
It does not matter where you are; your home is your body. True or false?  
 
 
 
30  Globaltruthproject.com   You have to let it all out instantly, or there is no room for the new life to 
come in. The more life you allow in, the more you have to reflect back out 
to others. You become completely full of life; your cup runith  over.  
 
As John Lennon says in song, “you can radiate everyt hing you are.” 
You can be everything and reflect everything to others.  
When you can let it all in and reflect it all back out without any mental 
intrusions, you have reached the ultimate level of consciousness; you are 
a spiritual being. You will glow and shine with life as shown in the drawing 
on page  five. 
You will become the present. You will have presence. Great actors have 
what is called stage presence. They become life itself, and the audience 
can see it. Movie stars need presence, at least while they  are acting. If you 
want to see someone living in the present, watch a movie. Presence is 
created by living in the present and reflecting the present to other people.  
The mind barrier: The very mind that has made seeing the truth possible 
is now the only thing preventing us from taking the last step, the final step 
in human evolution. People are living as their false, mortal mind -self, and 
they should be living as their true, immortal spiritual -self, or the ex act 
opposite of the way they are living  now. 
Your mind is like a door or gate, and the truth is the key to that door. The 
truth causes the mind to begin to change its relationship with you; it turns 
the mind from your worst enemy to your best friend.  
You h ave to turn the key. You have to open the door. No one else can.  
 
The mind is no longer you; it is just a small part of you. It is no longer your 
master; it is your servant. It has to do the exact opposite of what it has 
evolved to do (control). That is why it takes the truth and some effort to get 
free of the mind.  
It is easier to denature plutonium than to denature the evil from the 
spirit of man. Albert Einstein  
The way: You just have to do one thing; learn to recognize what is true 
(life) and what is not true (mind). Then give your life to just what is true. If 
you do  this, the false illusions of the mind will no longer control your life, 
and you will be free. Think about it  until you understand the truth 
completely, and then just do what the truth dictates and live consciously.  
 
31  Globaltruthproject.com   True life really is that simple, but most people cannot see the truth  now.  
 
The mind is more powerful than the spirit in this world.  
 
The mind is a dominant force: The mind will always infect a person living 
clear of the mind. A spiritual person cannot cause a person living in  the 
mind to stop living in the mind, but a person living in the mind can cause a 
spiritual person to activate their mind. The mind is a form of energy; the 
spirit is like a void.  
 
Great spirits are always opposed by mediocre minds. 
Albert Einstein  
 
The mind has the upper hand in this world. It is the way it is, so you 
have to be alone or with other people that know the truth to live without the 
mind. Thus, it will get easier to live clear of mind in this world as more 
people learn the  truth.  
 
Your mind and other minds will do everything to keep you out of the 
present and knock you off the path. Your job is to just let the mind do it, 
watch it, and see it for wh at it is, and it will gradually get weaker. It will get 
easier to stay on path.  
 
Living with less evolved people: Imagine you were the only modern man in a 
world filled with cavemen. That is how a spiritual being feels living with mankind.  
The craziest peo ple are running the asylum.  
 
Minds beget minds: Schools, family, work, social groups, religions and 
political parties are all minds creating other minds in their own image. Other 
minds are like an infectious disease; the closer you are to them, the more  
they infect your mind. It starts with the closest, most influential people around 
you, such as friends, family, and superiors at work or school.  
 
The truth stops violence: The truth makes people happy and secure. 
Only unhappy, insecu re or fearful people fight. When the truth and life is 
revealed to everyone, everyone will be happy and secure, and this will stop 
all conflict.  
 
Spiritual beings could not win in the past, but the times are changing, 
and thanks to worldwide communication,  spiritual people can win now.  
 
32  Globaltruthproject.com   The collective unconscious: In the last few generations, we discovered 
two invisible forces: electricity and electromagnetic (radio) waves. No one 
believed they existed a few hundred years ago. In this generation, we are 
going to discover and confirm a new invisible force that I call  the collective 
unconscious mind. It is the force of nature, or part of the force of nature, 
that gives us continuity from one life to another. Without it, there could be 
no evolution.  
The collective unconscious is not alive. It is just a part of our minds , an 
extension of our minds, not a separate life form. The  collective 
unconscious is something like gravity that connects all of us. Religions call 
it the Holy Spirit.  
Every extension of knowledge arises from making the unconscious 
conscious. Friedrich Ni etzsche  
In other words, when you get your mind out of the way, you become 
conscious of what you were not conscious of before. You become 
conscious of something beyond the mind. You can make contact with the 
universal mind of life.  
The intellect has little to do on the road to discovery. There comes a 
leap in consciousness, call it intuition or what you will, the solution 
comes to you and you don't know how or why. The truly valuable 
thing is the intuition. Albert Einstein  
Inspiration: The word means “breath  of God.” It is where ideas, art,  
poetry, movies, philosophy, music, inventions, revelations and all new 
creative things come from. It manifests in many ways, such as talent, 
intuition and  insight.  
Intuition: Intuition and inspiration come from the same p lace. They are both 
manifestations of the collective unconscious. When asked where they got the 
idea for something, creative people will say they were inspired, they dreamed 
it, it just came to them in a flash, etc. All new, creative things come from 
outsi de our own minds. By definition, they have to come from outside your 
mind to be truly new. Paul McCartney was once asked where his songs come 
from. He answered: “I don't know; they seem to come out of the air.”  
When real music comes to me - the music of the spheres, the music 
that surpasses understanding - that has nothing to do with me, 
'cause I'm just the channel. The joy for me is for it to be given to me, 
and to transcribe it like a medium... those moments are what I live for. 
John  Lennon  
 
33  Globaltruthproject.com   The evidence: There has to be an outside influence, because ideas can 
come to many people at about the same time. Example: Language 
developed at about the same time everywhere on the planet. Religions 
from different times and places have many things in common. Inventions 
and styles of mus ic and art come to people at about the same time. It is  
not just a coincidence. You can know that all great or inspired music 
comes from the collective unconscious, because if it did not, the musicians 
that wrote the classic songs in the past would still be writing classic songs 
now. A few are, but most are  not. 
Great inspirations come when they come, and when they quit coming, 
there is no way for the musicians to do it on their own. How well you play 
has nothing to do with it. The older musicians get, the  better they get on 
their instruments, but they often have their great songs when they were 
young and could not play as well. It is the same with books, art and 
inventions; every once in a great while, you get a Newton, a Beethoven,  an 
Edison or an Einstein. These people were just more connected to the 
collective unconscious, thus they received more  inspirations.  
My brain is only a receiver, in the Universe there is a core from which 
we obtain knowledge, strength and inspiration. I have not penetrate d 
into the secrets of this core, but I know that it exists. Nikola Tesla  
Mozart, Tesla, and Einstein were just more inspired than most people.  
Einstein had all his great ideas in one year when he was a patent clerk in his 
twenties. He called it his magic year; it was a year of great inspirations. He 
spent the rest of his life working on those ideas and did not have any more 
great inspirations. His life makes it clear that great ideas come in inspirations. 
This power of inspiration comes and goes. Italians are not  Romans. Greeks 
are not as inspired as they were when Socrates and Plato lived. If you study 
history, you can literally see the inspiration moving around through different 
people at different times and places. It comes and goes, and a person’s or 
people's power and greatness comes and goes with it. 
Inspiration can come and stay if you learn the truth and life.  
Connected: Being connected mentally by gravity and/or the earth’s 
magnetic field or something like it is not so far - fetched; ou r minds are just 
bioelectrical activity in our brains. Gravity and electromagnetic fields are 
passing through our brains at all times. It would be more surprising if they 
did not affect us. Gravity is connected to everything in the infinite universe, 
and i n much the same way, our minds are connected, more or less, on a 
subconscious level to all living things.  
 
34  Globaltruthproject.com   All religions, arts and sciences are branches of the same 
tree. Albert Einstein  
How I see life: In my books, you will see that I interpret things (movies, 
music, the Bible, etc.) from my own unique perspective. It is often different 
than the author's interpretation. I see everything as coming from what I call 
the collective unconscious mind. Religion s call it the Holy Spirit. I see two 
distinct categories; the animal mind and spiritual mind (divine mind). All 
conscious living life forms (people and animals) get their bodies and life 
from one of the two categories, or a combination of both. These minds  
permeate all of reality like radio waves, but are not energy as we know it. 
Humans and animals are tuned into these waves like a radio receiver. All 
animals except humans and their pets are tuned to just the animal mind. 
Humans, dogs and cats are getting a combination of the two. Some are 
more animal than spiritual, and some have more spiritual than animal. 
Every human is on a different combination. People that can see the truth of 
life can tune into enough of the spiritual channels to connect with the min d 
of God (that which creates the universe).  
Once you make this connection, you leave the animal realm mentally, and 
will leave it physically when you die and are reborn. That is the goal.  
Not perfect: This book is not perfect. Anyone that can see the truth  would 
not expect it to be. The reason is because the information coming from the 
collective unconscious has to pass through my imperfect animal mind. 
That said, it is the clearest, most accurate and complete explanation of the 
truth of life on earth. It has been at the top of the contest for more than five 
years. It will remain in the top position until something better  is submitted 
to the contest. This book is constantly being improved and updated, so it 
should be re -read often. Repetition is necessary for it to go into your 
subconscious and change your mind and your  life. 
As a single footstep will not make a path on the earth, so a single 
thought will not make a pathway in the mind. To make a deep 
physica l path, we walk again and again. To make a deep mental path, 
we must think over and over the kind of thoughts we wish to 
dominate our lives. Henry David  Thoreau  
Repetition: It is better to read this book over and over than to read other 
books that are not as accurate and complete. Reading other books just 
sidetracks people from the best path. You should also copy this book to 
your hard drive from time to time, just in case the forces of deception 
remove it from the Internet.  
 
35  Globaltruthproject.com   Chapter 3  
Big Picture of Life – Past and Future  
Just as there are two types of truth, the type you experience, and the type 
you know with your mind, there are two big pictures of life. The preceding 
pages revealed the big picture of life experienced in the present. The 
following reveals the big picture of your immortal life, your past and future.  
If you die as an animal,  you are reborn  as an animal.  If you die as a spiritual 
being,  you are reborn  as a spiritual  being,  so it is important  to become  one.  
There is no judge or judgment when you die; you will go where life forms 
like you go. If you live as an animal, you will be an animal in the next life. If 
you live as a spiritual being, you will continue to be one in your next life.  
As John Lennon said, “I t is like getting out of one car and into another.”  
 
Ghosts: Spirits do not live without a physical body of one kind or another. 
Ghosts or disembodied spirits that talk to people and haunt  houses  don't 
exist. If there were ghosts where people die, all hospitals would be  haunted.  
The cycle of the mind: We know it can take about three and a half billion years 
to evolve from plant bacteria to mankind, but we did not take that whole trip. 
Plant life is not conscious l ife; only animal life is, so we got on the evolutionary 
ladder when animal life evolved about seven -hundred million years ago.  
Plant life does not have consciousness or a mind like animal life  does.  
 
Cambrian explosion: When life became conscious, evolutio n really 
started moving fast. Consciousness hooked up evolution more directly to 
the collective unconscious, which greatly accelerated evolution. If you look 
at the fossil evidence, you will see that about half a billion years ago, 
evolution exploded on ea rth. Life started evolving very fast when the 
weather permitted it to. It did this as a direct result of consciousness in 
combination with the right environment.  
Come together: Where we are now has a lot in common with the 
Cambrian explosion a half a billi on years ago. Then, we went from single 
cell animals to multiple cell animals. We had to in order to survive the 
future changes on the planet. Single cells came together for the benefit of 
all, and we are doing it again.  
 
36  Globaltruthproject.com   Without the truth, it is every man for himself. With the truth, it is one 
for all, and all for one. The truth and communication technology are 
connecting us.  
Human beings are like big, single cell animals. We are not directly 
connected to each other, but we are in the process of connecting directly 
with the universal truth and advanced communication technology in order 
to take the next step in our evolution. We will connect spiritually when the 
truth is realized by the human  race.  
The connection: The ultima te truth will connect us, and the human race 
will become like one big organism. It will make the survival of the human 
race possible, and it transforms us into spiritual beings as individuals.  
Currently, we are at the top of the evolutionary cycle of this world. There is 
nowhere to go except to the bottom and start over, come back as a human 
again, or evolve into a spiritual being. There are only three ways to go.  
Always getting better: Many people think that life will always get better, 
that we are always evolving more and more. It is just wishful thinking. The 
evidence does not support that.  
Our physical life cycle shows that you physically progress until about age 
twenty, and then you physically start going downhill, so things do not 
always get better and  better, do they? They only do if you know the truth.  
The evidence shows that everything is going in a circle, a cycle.  
You will have to go to the end of the line, or it would not be fair to other 
animals in the evolutionary line.  
Evolution, linear or cycl ical: All animals are doing the same thing; 
evolving. The big question is, is it linear or cyclical? If it is linear, we are 
way ahead of all other animal life on earth. If it is cyclical, we are ahead 
and behind, because we are ahead now, at the top of th e cycle, but start 
over at the bottom when we die. We have to assume it is a cycle, because 
everything else in the universe is in a cycle. We have to do what has the 
best chance of leaving the animal cycle for a better realm. A better realm is 
possible, one where you do not eat each other and there is no pain, fear, 
and death. Some religions call it heaven. They say the truth, learning it and 
spreadi ng it, is the way. Science and common sense say the same thing, 
so learning and spreading the truth of life is the way to  go. 
 
 
 
37  Globaltruthproject.com   The truth dictates that there are only three ways to go when you die.  
The best of the three options would be to move on while moving on is 
possible. If you start over at the bottom of the evolutionary cycle, you 
would have to live in the animal world, the world of fang and claw, for 
millions of life spans before you get back in this position again. Who wants 
to do it again?  
We have done it at least once; why do it again?  
You can only leave the animal cycle and become a spiritual being when 
you are in our ve ry rare position at the top. If you realize your true nature 
and begin to live the life of a spiritual being, you will not go to any animal 
level again.  
Use it or lose it: The only real difference between mankind and all other 
animals is our ability to rea son and think. Thus, our minds have to be what 
we have to use to evolve further. We have to use what we evolved that 
separated us from all other animals to actually separate us forever from  
the animal  realm.  
We have to use the last step we took to take th e next step. Our only 
job is to become more than we are while we can.  
If we do not use our ability to know the truth of life, we may lose it, 
and we may have to go to the end of the line. 
Ultimate purpose: Since we are the only animal with a rational mind, we 
must use it for its ultimate purpose. We are the only animal that can learn 
and understand the world we live in. No other animal even knows it  is 
going to  die. 
There can only be one purpose for mankind, and that is to transcend 
mankind, evolve past mankind, and in doing, evolve past the animal world.  
If you die living just as ignorant of a life as an animal, you cannot be 
anything more in the next life. You have to change yourself. You have to 
become more than just a smart animal while you can. How can anything or 
anyone else do it for you? Even people who are living a good, moral life 
are still animals; they are just well behaved animals. Criminals are the 
obviou s animals, but at least they are being honest to their true nature. 
They are just acting like an animal  acts.  
 
 
 
38  Globaltruthproject.com   Criminals: Criminals live like animals. The worst is the serial killer, a 
recent and alarming development in our society. Serial killers are actually 
doing what comes natural to animals. All predatory animals live like serial 
killers, are serial  killers.  
 
Costs everything: It is the natural way all lower ani mals live and always 
have lived. The predator/prey relationship is the animal world. So people, a 
lot of people, are going back to their animal -self, because they see no 
other good way to go, no reason not to do it. Religion is foolish in its 
current form;  people do not believe it, even if they say they do, so it is not a 
powerful enough incentive to be moral and keep people from doing bad 
things to other  people.  
 
Money/wealth does not bring fulfillment, so some people figure, why not have 
some animal satisfaction? They are going back to animal behavior that 
actually does fulfill them for a short while, but it costs them  everything.  
Only the truth can give people a real concrete reason to be moral. It also 
gives them more than animal fulfillment, so they will rise above the animal.  
 
There is a lot of animal satisfaction in violent and predatory animal behavior, and 
that is why some people do it. The question they need to ask themselves is: is it 
worth the price? Everyone, even good people, have to ask that question.  
 
 
 
 
39 
 Globaltruthproject.com   The vents pictured on the previous page are where the first life on earth is 
found, the actual bottom of our evolutionary cycle. Until just recently, we 
did not know that any life could live in super -heated water miles down at 
the bottom of the ocean. The food chain starts down there with bacteria 
that feed on sulfur (hydrogen sulfide) that comes out of volcanic vents in 
the ocean floor. Scientists just discovered that this bacterium was the very 
first animal life on earth, the start of the an imal evolutionary  cycle.  
 
These vents are called black smokers, because they spew black, sulfur - 
filled, super -heated water. A few feet from the vents, the water is freezing 
cold. It is totally dark, as black as ink; no light reaches that depth of water.  
 
You have made your way from worm to man, and much in you is still 
worm. Friedrich Nietzsche  
 
Giant tubeworms: Giant, blood -red tubeworms eat the bacteria that live 
around the volcanic vents. The bacteria actually live in the worm's gut, in 
the belly of the  beast, in a symbiotic relationship with the worm.  
 
 
 
 
 
40 
 Globaltruthproject.com   The blood -red tubeworms pictured on the previous page grow up to nine 
feet long, and can be over two hundred years old. These animals live in 
total darkness, miles beneath the surface of the ocean. At the bottom of 
our evolutionary ladder is a form of bacteria that actually lives in  the 
worm’s stomach. There are more bacteria living in their stomachs tha n 
there are human beings on the earth. This is a fact. Living in the gut of a 
nine-foot worm, miles down at the bottom of the pitch black, freezing cold 
ocean next to scalding hot vents is the bottom of the food chain.  
 
If you return to the bottom of the food chain, that is where you go. 
You will be eaten alive by other animals millions of times before you evolve 
into a human being again. We already did it; we had to do it to get to where 
we are now.  
 
The stakes could not be higher. If you miss this chance, you face 
millions of years and millions of fights to the death to claw your way back 
up the food chain.  
 
We just got out of the food chain ten thousand years ago. Going back into 
it is the biggest  mistake  possible;  that is exactly  where mankind  is heading.  
Never forget what we had to go through to get to where we are now. We 
lived for millions of years in a savage world. People need to remember 
where they came from to know and appreciate how lucky they are to be 
where they are now, and how easy it would be to go back whe re we came 
from. Just a few minutes . 
 
Those who do not remember the past are condemned to repeat it.  
 
You have to know the situation to take advantage of it. What separates us 
from the beast is that we can know the situation . We can know it and 
leave it.  
 
We also have to remember the truth after we know it. The problem is that 
most people forget that their true purpose is to escape the animal realm. 
People get caught up in their everyday lives and forget.  
 
To forget one's pur pose is the commonest form of stupidity. 
Friedrich Nietzsche  
 
 
 
41  Globaltruthproject.com   Farthest from the light: Those bacteria are farthest from the light and the 
farthest from spiritual life, both in distance and time. The way a bacteria feels  
is balanced like all animal life, so being one is not any better or worse than 
being any other animal life form. What makes it the worst thing to be is that  
you are the farthest away from where we are now. Those bacteria are at least 
seven -hundred million years away. Tha t makes it the worst place on  earth.  
Someone has to be bacteria, a lot of some ones. There are more bacteria 
than there are human beings, a lot more. Why are they where they are, 
and why are you where you are? What did they do to get where they are? 
What did we do to get where we are? We did not do anything, and they did 
not do anything. We are both just animal life forms in different places on 
the evolutionary cycle on earth.  
A life form can really only do one thing tha t matters, and that is to learn the 
truth and the life and become a spiritual being. You can only do it where 
we are now.  
Life clock: If the time life evolved on earth was reduced to a twenty -four 
hour day, human beings evolved just two seconds from the en d of the day.  
We take being human for granted.  
How can we do that with what we know now?  
What evolution means: It means we crawled on this earth for a lot 
longer than we have walked on it.  
We were on the exact same earth we are on now. We looked up at the 
same sky and saw the same moon, sun, and stars. The only difference is, 
we were living in a different type of body. We evolved from them, so the 
odds are we were them. If we were not them, who was? It had to be us. 
True or false?  
Just as you are looking out of human eyes now, you looked out of  the eyes of  
a dinosaur. Life looked the same. The only difference is that you are looking 
from a different body. You should imagine what living in other bodies was like. 
When the dinosaurs went extinct, we went extinct as dinosaurs. Get it?  
Soul migration: Just as energy cannot be created or destroyed, it is the 
same with life. When one life form or species goes extinct, another fills the 
void, and the soul (you) goes from  body to body, species to species, reptile 
to mammal, etc.  
 
 
42  Globaltruthproject.com   As John Lennon said; death is like getting out of one car and into another. 
When one model becomes obsolete, it is replaced with a different, better 
model. Life does the same thing. Just as cars have evolved from the model 
"T" to the models of today, animal life evolved from bacteria to humans, 
and the drivers (us) remained the same. After the initial conscious life 
(souls) came to earth as bacteria, the evidence says all animal life, 
including us, evolved from them, but the initial souls had to come from 
somewhere besides  earth.  
Most people do not see that there is absolute proof that souls migrated 
from someplace othe r than earth. Four and a half billion years ago, there 
was no life on earth, so all life had to come from somewhere else.  
Soul migration is saying that reincarnation is true. The alternative, the you 
only live once theory, makes no sense. It would mean tha t if you were a 
maggot, or a rat, you got to live as only a maggot, rat, or one of the trillions 
of other types of life forms one time, and that was it for all of eternity.  
Big realization: When you read books and watch TV programs about 
evolution, they al ways talk about the animals as if we were not them. In the 
near future, people are going to make the connection and begin to see 
what the evidence is really saying. Acknowledging our true past is the next 
big step for  mankind.  
The real missing link: When w e link ourselves to our true past, mankind will 
start transforming into spiritual beings in the evolutionary blink of an eye.  
Most people cannot fathom just how long we lived as savage animals, and 
they need to in order to realize how new being in a human body is for us.  
A billion is a big number: If you started counting non -stop, day and night, 
seven days a week, and said a new number every second, it would take 
almost thirty two years for you to count to a billion. Animal life has been on 
earth almost a billion years. If you put those seconds into years, you get an 
idea of how long we have been on earth as some other form of life. Someone 
had to be those animals, and since we evolved directly from them, it had to be 
us. Nothing else would make se nse, would it? We cannot remember any of 
our past lives, because when one of our bodies dies,  our  minds  and 
memories die with them, but now we know, and it will change  us. 
The truth sets you free: We may not remember we lived before, but we 
now know we did, and we must act on that knowledge if we do not want to 
go through the evolutionary cycle again. The truth sets you free from the 
animal cycle.  
 
43  Globaltruthproject.com   Time machine: If you could get in a time machine and go back in time at the 
rate of a hundred years per second, you would only be mankind for about two 
minutes, and in a human body for about twenty minutes. For the next thirteen 
point eight (13.8) hours, you would be in the body of apes and monkeys. After 
you go back about seven and a half days, at a hundred years per second, you 
would be in the body of a dinosaur. For the rest of the next twenty five years, 
going back at the rate of one hundred years per second, you would be in an 
animal body that is below the dinosaur level. Most of the time, you would be 
living in the ocean, mostly as a form of bacteria and other  microbes.  
The rock at the top of Mount Everest is marine limestone created by the shells 
of trillions of creatures that died at the bottom of the ocean. We were there 
when that rock formed. Some of those shells could be our shells. That rock 
moved from the bottom of the ocean to the top of the highest mountain at 
about one inch per year. We have been evolving during that same time into 
mankind. All we were was food in the food chain until just recently. You have 
been  eaten  alive millions  of times  by every  species  of predator  that ever lived.  
Sharks have been on earth for over four -hundred and fifty million year s, 
longer than any other vertebrate. Humans have only been here two - 
hundred thousand years, and mankind just ten thousand years.  
Fifteen million years ago, the king of all sharks lived, and it had the most 
powerful bite of any animal. It was called a Mega lodon, and was the size of 
a bus. It lived in all the world’s oceans for millions of years longer than 
humans have been here. They were the top predator, just as we are now. 
We lived in that world.  
We were them and their prey, mostly whales. Our spirit wen t from predator 
to prey and back again for millions of years. Our spirit bounced back and 
forth from predator to prey and species to species as we evolved.  
Those dinosaur bones we are always digging up were part of someone’s 
body that lived a long time ago . It is no different than digging up the 
skeleton of a human that lived long ago. Bones are proof of a living being 
that lived before.  
A million years from now, someone could dig up the bones that are in our 
bodies now. Would people understand that they belonged to someone that 
really lived? Would they understand that they could have been them? 
Would they realize that they could be diggin g up their own bones from 
another life they lived?  
 
44  Globaltruthproject.com   100% of the evidence says it’s true; there is no evidence of anything else.  
 
We have  thousands  of museums  of natural  history  filled  with the hard evidence  of 
our evolution, and there is no hard evidence that anything else  happened.  
Rational mind: A rational mind is the only thing that separates us from the 
lower animals. If we do not use it, we are not using what makes us special 
and superior to other animals. We are giving up what makes us different 
from other animals.  
If you do not use the rational mind, you are not using the one thing you 
need to use to learn the truth and take the next step in evolution. Reason  
is what we gained in our last step in evolutio n. It is what makes us 
mankind. We now have to use it to take the next step and become spiritual 
beings. Use it or lose  it. 
When literally all of the evidence says evolution is true, and there is zero 
percent hard evidence for anything else, a rational, honest person has to 
accept the fact that we came from lower animals. It is what a rational mind 
would conclude.  
If you do not have  a rational  mind,  that is what  is not right,  not evolution.  
 
The evidence is sacred: Evidence is the most sacred thing that there is, 
because it reveals the truth. The truth reveals true life and sets you  free. 
The evidence: The bones are found on our planet in the dirt we now walk 
on, and we know their age for certain. Their ages fit perfectly with how long 
it would take to evolve from them to us. Everything adds up perfectly. The 
bones are from animals that are in our direct  genetic line. We are 
genetically less than one percent different from chimpanzees, and we are 
connected genetically to all the animal life that ever lived on this planet.  
Dinosaurs had two eyes, a brain, backbones, a heart, lungs, a stomach, 
blood, a mout h, a nose, two ears, and four limbs. They have the same 
basics we have now as humans. They slept, ate, mated, and were born 
and died, just as we do now.  
The evidence says that we were once them , that we evolved from them. 
There is no evidence that we came from somewhere else. Thus, we have 
to conclude it is true until there is better evidence to show we came from 
somewhere  else.  
Everything in this book just says what the evidence says, nothing else.  
 
45  Globaltruthproject.com   There will neve r be any other evidence, because it would have to say the 
bones were planted just to fool us, and that makes no sense at all. We all 
know what the truth is; we are just in denial. The truth is the truth, and 
nothing is more important.  
 
We know we walked th e earth in the bodies of dinosaurs for eight - 
hundred times longer than we have been in human bodies.  
This is the first book about physical and spiritual truth based on evidence.  
 
There are many books about what is true, but this is the first one that just 
says what the evidence says is true, nothing more, nothing less.  
It is estimated that there are about ten million species of animals on earth. There 
may be as many as one -hundred million species. We are just one of them.  
The truth is, human beings are a small new twig on our evolutionary tree. 
Our spirit was not just the twig; it has been the whole tree of life on earth.  
 
Human beings are just one of millions of different species of life on earth. We are 
nothing  special  in the eyes of creation.  We are just legions  in our  own minds,  and 
we have created myths to glorify ourselves. Are we intelligent beings? We are 
special in the sense that we have a rational mind, but that is not a big deal, 
especially if you misuse it and spread deception, or do not use it at all. 
The life of all animals below humans is fundamentally the same.  
 
Creation has favored other life forms much more than human  beings. 
Bacteria is by far the predominate life form on the planet. It is really their 
planet. Microbial life has been here the longest, and there are more of 
them than anything  else.  
 
If mankind destroys itself, bacteria will survive and evolution will start over.  
 
Bacteria are becoming resistant to all our antibiotic drugs, and may kill 
mankind off in the near future. We are actually still in the food chain. 
Bacteria eats us. We are not more powerful than them. We have the 
brains, but they have the numbers. Their numbers could easily prevail over 
our intelligence if we do not start putting more of our resources into 
countering this coming  war. 
 
 
46  Globaltruthproject.com   Out of sight may be out of mind, but the truth is, bacteria are everywhere, 
and they are alive and conscious of life as we are. If you look through a 
microscope at them, you can see for yourself. They eat and digest food, 
are born, die, reproduce, sleep, and avoid aversive  stimuli, just as we do. 
What makes us different, our minds? We use our minds to fight wars, to 
destroy the environment, and to deceive ourselves. One of the ways we 
deceive ourselves is by thinking we are separate from other animal life on 
earth. We were them, and we can be  again.  
The only real difference is that we can be different if we learn the ultimate 
truth. We are different only in knowledge and the ability to understand the 
world around us. If we do nothing with it, we are no different at all, and we 
will remain as animals, but not at the top of the food chain. The wheel of 
life keeps  turning.  
Waste our advanta ge: Being thinking creatures is just a small difference, 
but this small difference can make all the difference if we use it. This is  
why we do not want to waste our intelligence believing that myths are the 
truth. It makes our greater intelligence  useless . 
See clearly: Evolution in action is the most terrifying thing there is. Nature 
is beautiful, but it is also a slaughter house, eat and be eaten. When 
everyone really sees nature for what it is, it will scare people into becoming 
something other than an a nimal. True knowledge of nature will evolve us 
out of it. Knowledge of nature, evolution, and our true past makes it 
possible to leave the animal realm.  
The wheel of life: You have been where all life has been in the past. You 
had to be there to be where y ou are now; we evolved from them. You will 
be there again unless you become a spiritual being and leave the animal 
evolutionary cycle. A life form only gets to be on top so long, as the wheel 
of life keeps turning.  
Rare/lucky: There are more bacteria on yo ur skin and inside your body 
than there are human beings on the whole planet. This fact should 
emphasize just how rare and lucky it is to be human.  
The truth is what sets you free from the animal realm.  
 
The truth is what it looks like it is, and all hones t, rational people know it.  
 
The truth is no wonderful fairytale. It was inconceivably long and brutal.  
 
 
47  Globaltruthproject.com   The cusp: Something happened about ten thousand years ago that 
changed everything. It was the start of humans living in one place, in towns 
and cities. It was the start of a primitive civilization. It was also the start of 
agriculture, domestication of animals, and farms. It was the end of the 
hunter -gatherer way of life humans lived for the previous one - hundred and 
ninety thousand years. It was the start of a completely new life form.  
 
Words, language, and thought evolved to a point that we connected to the 
collect ive unconscious at the level of our modern minds for the first time. 
This made it possible to receive knowledge through inspirations and logic. 
Technical progress did not start until about ten thousand years ago. We 
went from hunter -gatherers to where we a re now in the evolutionary blink 
of an  eye. 
 
About five to six thousand years ago, the mind reached a critical mass. 
Warfare and other factors forced people to leave smaller villages and 
group together in larger cities, mainly because of the need for large  
armies. This put our technological progress in high gear. All the large 
monuments like pyramids started being built, and conquering armies 
started roaming the  earth.  
 
It was the start of what we call modern civilization.  
 
We evolved and progressed more in  the last ten thousand years than we 
did in the previous seven -hundred million years. We had to become a new 
life form to do it.  
 
Human beings became a fundamentally new life form: Mankind.  
 
We became a new life form in a very short period of time, and the same 
thing is happening again, only a lot faster. Mankind has reached a new 
cusp, the end of one life form and the beginning of another.  
 
Inner change: We gained the power to change our outs ide environment 
about ten thousand years ago, and over that time, we have changed it to 
suit our needs. We now have to change our inner environment, our minds.  
 
 
 
 
 
48  Globaltruthproject.com   Final step : Though we had some simple tools and were physically identical to 
how we are now two - hundred thousand years ago (brain size, etc.), we were 
still fundamentally no different than other animals. About forty -five thousand 
years ago, we took our first real step away from the animal realm, the realm of 
flesh. We started t o speak language, have an imagination and use basic 
reasoning. It was the first cusp , and it happened because we hooked up with 
that level of the collective unconscious, so it happened to all human beings 
near the same time, even though we were spread out and not in contact with 
each other. About ten thousand years ago, we took the second step, the 
second cusp , and became mankind (mind -kind). Now, we are about to take 
the third and final step.  
The third cusp: Mankind is about to accomplish what it evolved t o do. The 
human race is going to change into a new human life form for the third 
time. We will evolve from mankind, or mind -kind, into spirit -kind; we are 
becoming spiritual  beings.  
 
Science cannot see the ultimate truth, because it is not really looking. They 
are lost in the endless, complicated parts of life, and do not even look at 
the simple whole of life; the big picture that includes  consciousness.  
 
Intent: You cannot think your way to true life, because you cannot turn the 
mind off by thinking. It is a contradiction in terms, but you have to want it. 
You have to be seeking it with all your heart for it to come to you. You  
have to have faith in the truth to get it. Intent connects you to the collective 
unconscious. Some religions call it the Holy  Spirit.  
 
In the universe there is an immeasurable, indescribable force which 
shamans call intent, and absolutely everything that exists in the entire 
cosmos is attac hed to intent by a connecting link. Carlos Castaneda  
 
Not get it: Many people will believe the old traditional myths until they die, 
even after they have learned a much more accurate interpretation of the 
truth. This is because they are not ready to take t he last step in evolution.  
 
People will only see what they are ready to see. 
Ralph Waldo Emerson  
 
They cannot understand the ultimate truth yet. They may have to come 
back as a human on the level of mankind a few more times.  
 
49  Globaltruthproject.com   Top of the animal cycle: You can come back as a man or woman in the 
next life if you do not hear the ultimate truth, or if you hear the ultimate  
truth but do not understand it. Most people in the past could not know the 
truth. You do not reach the top of the animal evolutionary cycle until you 
hear and understand the ultimate truth. People are where they are. Lower 
animals have no chance to know the ultimate truth, and it is the same with 
less evolved humans. In other words, if you do not know what you are 
doing, you  will get another chance eventually. But if you do learn and 
understand the truth, you have to take advantage of it while you have the 
chance, or you pay the ultimate  price.  
 
The crossroads: If you are told the ultimate truth and understand it, but do 
not begin to live in it, you will go to the bottom of the evolutionary cycle 
when you die. You had your chance, and you did not take it.  
 
Just about all mankind will know the ultimate truth, at l east the mind  
part, in this generation. What they do after they know will seal their  fate. 
If you are reading this book, you have heard the ultimate truth, because I 
have told you it. Only you know if you understand it and what it means.  
Unforgivable: If you understand the truth and do not at least  try to take 
the next step and live in the trut h, you are denying the truth and life, and 
there is no greater mistake you can make, no way to hurt yourself worse. 
When you die, you will be reborn at the bottom of the ocean, the bottom of 
the food chain. You could be there in the next few minutes. It is hard to 
believe, but it is what all the evidence says, and that cannot be denied.  
The truth is serious business; it can bless you for a very long time or damn 
you for a very long time. You have to move up when you get the chance,  
or you automatically mo ve down. Mankind is at the top of the animal 
evolutionary cycle, so when you move up, you move all the way up. When 
you move down, you move all the way down. You are now at the 
crossroads. Which way do you want to  go? 
 
All people have to do is see the trut h; they do not have to do anything else.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
50  Globaltruthproject.com   Chapter 4  
Heaven: Last Step in Evolution  
“Heaven”  
 
The next and last step in our evolution.  
 
Most people cannot see the animal world clearly. Everyone that sees it clearly 
will see that it is as ugly as it can get, unless you think being forced by hunger 
to murder your fellow beings and eating them is beautiful. The animal truth is 
as ugly as it gets, but the divine  truth is as beautiful as it gets. Seeing the truth 
of both realms powers the evolution of animals into spiritual  beings.  
 
If you become a spiritual being, you live the best life possible here, and 
when you die, you go to a place religions call heaven. It is a place without 
pain where everyone is fulfilled; there are all positives and no negatives.  
 
Evolving past pain: When we die and are reborn, the physical parts of  
our brains and nervous system that create and send us pain, fear, sadness 
and the other negative aspects of our current life will not be part of our new 
bodies. We will have evolved past them. We will have just enough pain to 
let us know when we are injured or  sick and no more.  
 
Severe physical pain will not exist or be possible in bodies not wired for it.  
 
The part of our brain that is responsible for feeling pain and the other 
unwanted sensations will simply not be in our new bodies. We will be 
hardwired only for pleasure and fulfillment. Physical pleasure  will come 
and go like in this life, but there will be no severe pain or undesirable 
feelings and emotions, and we will always be fulfilled by life. 
 
Just pleasure: We will be reborn wi th bodies that can feel pleasure better 
than we can feel it now, but our bodies will not be capable of perceiving the 
negative side of life. We will still be motivated to do things, because we will 
still want to feel the pleasure created by doing certain t hings. Spiritual life 
does not need the carrot and the stick (pleasure/pain), just the carrot. The 
need to feed and breed in combination with the natural environment will 
control what we do just as they do now. As I have pointed out, the physical 
universe cannot change and exist.  
 
 
 
51  Globaltruthproject.com   Fear/pain, the power of evolution: We no longer need severe pain, 
sadness, fear and the other negative things to evolve. We did in the past; 
fear and pain powered evolution. It is an animal’s fear of pain and death 
that motivates them to evolve to avoid it better. It is the main power behind 
all animal evolution. It is powering the evolution of mankind into spiritual 
beings now. After you know the ultimate truth, evolution is finished, and 
fear and pain are no longer needed. We no longer need fear, severe pain, 
or any of the other negative aspects of life we needed to evolve. Thus, the 
ability to experience negative aspects of life will be discarded in the  
change from your current body to your new spiritual  one. 
Nature never wastes anything, and if you do not need something, you 
will not have it. If you know the ultimate truth, you no longer need the 
negative side of life, so you wi ll not have it. In the next life, we will have all 
the positives with just enough of the negatives to give definition to life. We 
had to have the negatives in the past in order to promote our evolution to 
the point where we could see the truth and the life , and we are there  now.  
Thanks to genetic engineering and other advances in medical science, no 
one will age past young adulthood or die from any diseases.  
Live a thousand years: We will have a very long life expectancy and 
never age, because aging is a disease that we will have cured. The 
medical evidence and the laws of probability say our lifespan will be about 
a thousand years. We will use genetic engineering to slow our aging to 
adulthood, so childhood will last as long as we want it to. We will enjoy 
childhood for a much longer time. A short life was necessary for biological 
evolution. After you reach the peak of what biology can do, life no longer 
needs to be short. We have evolved biologically almost as far as we are 
going to naturally. Science will now evolve us further  physically.  
You evolve mentally until you know the truth, and that is as far as it goes. Genetic 
engineering will be the force responsible for physical evolution from now on.  
Accidents will still happen in heaven, and people will still die from 
accidents. Our physical  bodies will still be mortal like they are now.  
No one really wants a body that does not die. There will be situations when you 
will want  to be able to get out of the body  you are in and start over in a new body. 
If you are accidentally buried alive in an earthquake or avalanche, you would not 
want to be in that position forever, would you? If you were trapped in a fire, you 
would not want to be burned for hours and live in a mangled body forever, would 
you? Those things can and will happen, so physical death is  necessary.  
 
52  Globaltruthproject.com   People will not age physically past about eighteen or ever get sick, but 
eventually your body will be damaged in an accident beyond repair. You 
will be thankful that you can trade it in  for a new one. In heaven, there will 
be no fear of death. Death and birth will be seen as the one event they 
really are. We will live knowing how life and death works for the first time. It 
makes all the difference.  
Taste death: When you die in heaven, yo u will be reborn in heaven as a 
baby and start a new life. This will go on forever. When religious books say 
we will live forever, will not taste death, etc., they mean spiritual death. We 
will never go back to being the living dead mankind is now. Physica l death 
is part of the perfection.  
Heaven tech: In heaven, technology will progress forever. Everything that 
is possible to do, we will do. We will make contact with other life in the 
universe. We will keep all the old things we like such as music, classic  
cars, motorcycles, clothes and houses, etc. The best of the old will be 
mixed with the  new. 
 
Natural disasters will still happen. Nature will be in complete control of our 
lives just as it is now, so our lives will change as it does. Nature will be the 
same, including the occasional natural disaster, but it does not bother you 
in heaven. It just s erves to make life more surprising, interesting and 
romantic. Nature is what keeps the adventure of life moving. Life is nature, 
and when you see it clearly, it is the magic kingdom. You will live a life you 
can only dream about now. You will be beautiful if you are a woman; men 
will be handsome. Everyone will have a near perfect body. Everyone is 
fearless, young, healthy, different and completely alive.  
 
It is the way it could be, should be and will be for those that learn the truth.  
 
Everything, even the bugs, fish, and bacteria will get to a permanent 
heaven, a place without predators, just plant eaters and plants. There will 
be limited pain and sorrow, and 90% of the time, we will be totally fulfilled, 
and almost totally fulfilled the other 10% of the time. It is the way it could 
be, should be and will  be. 
 
The only question is, how long will it take? I am shooting for no later than 
the next life, or as soon as possible.  
 
 
53  Globaltruthproject.com   There will be a heaven on earth; the only question is how long it will take. It 
could be twenty years, or twenty million years. It does not matter, because 
when we die, we will be reborn there, and no time will have pas sed from our 
own perspective. Everyone that has worked as a prophet long enough to 
change themselves will be there. Others will come back to the animal world in 
future generations when there are many more people, thousands, even 
millions, working on spread ing the truth and creating a heaven on earth.  
Without predators, life on the animal level would reproduce until they used 
up the food resources and then starved off, which is almost as bad as 
being eaten. Life that knows the truth of life will control thei r reproduction 
to never overpopulate an environment. This is the reason the truth will 
make heaven; it has practical  value.  
You will still avoid death. It will not be horrible like it is now, but it will still 
be the thing you will want to avoid most. The difference is, you do not fear 
it, and it is not painful, so in heaven, it just makes life more  interesting.  
Death will not hurt or be feared, but it will be a major disruption of your life, 
and you will always try to avoid it when possible. Death is the opposite of 
life, so life will never like it and always avoid it when possible. Physical 
death is necessary fr om time to time for life to be perfect.  
When you know the truth and the life, you would not change the way 
life works, even if you could.  
You will be forever young, healthy, strong, beautiful, fearless, wise, witty, 
unique, funny and completely fulfilled forever. It is as good as it can get 
and better than you can imagine. Love will be reflected in love  forever.  
Right now, we are in a positi on to go to the best or worst place  possible.  
 
If you know the truth and the life, you do not need any moral laws, because 
spiritual people naturally do the moral thing. They treat others as they 
would want to be treated. They see everyone as if they were them; they 
see them  truly.  
Now is the time: The time has finally come to see what has been hidden 
from us. It is time to put the pieces of the puzzle together so that people 
can see the truth and life clearly and completely for the first time. The 
evolutio n of technology, such as the Internet and other forms of mass 
communication, have evolved enough to reach just about all of  mankind.  
 
54  Globaltruthproject.com   One mind: It is the real reason why worldwide communication technology 
evolved. The worldwide Internet web is mankind’s effort to connect all 
minds on a conscious level, to create one conscious, collective mind. The 
telephone lines and cables that transmit the Internet are like the nerve s in 
a giant brain. People online are like the neurons. It is making the world one 
brain or mind. This network will make it possible to see the truth, transcend 
the mind, and live happily ever  after.  
If it was not for the Internet, you would not be reading  this now, would you?  
 
Mankind will never be able to live together in peace and harmony. It never 
has and never will. It is impossible, because it is not in mankind’s true 
nature. Mankind’s true nature is the nature of the beast. People can and do 
resist it, but it cannot be changed by resisting and repressing it. Only the 
truth can overcome it.  
Mankind will always act like mankind when push comes to shove, and 
push will always come to shove. When it happens, the majority of mankind 
will always behave like the animals they are, which dra gs everyone down 
to the animal level.  
The beast must die, and the only way to kill it is with the truth.  
 
The only way to get rid of the beast is at the source. The beast must die for 
the spiritual being to be born. If the beast does not die, the whole hum an 
race will. We are all in an undeclared mental war for this world.  
People have it backwards. You are not reborn; the mind just dies, 
because it was never really alive in the first place.  
A spiritual being is not really born, because it is always inside y ou; it is 
hidden by the mind. The spirit cannot be born; it is immortal.  
Your spirit is imprisoned by your own mind, and only the truth sets it free.  
 
Becoming a spiritual being is not a destination, not the end of 
spiritual growth, because life becomes newer everyday. You just grow in 
the spirit. Every day seems to get better and more  fulfilling.  
Man is a rope, tied between beast and overman -- a rope over an 
abyss... Friedrich Nietzsche  
We have tamed the beast in most people, but ma nkind is still an animal 
just under the surface, and it will resurface more savage than  ever.  
 
55  Globaltruthproject.com   It takes time to get complete control of your mind, but you can become a 
spiritual being the minute you know “the truth” and change your 
perspective to that of your spiritual -self. “The life,” or greater perception, 
will follow, sometimes fast, sometimes slow ; everyone is different. Your 
environment can help or hurt  you. 
The swing trick: The mind has many tools and tricks to keep you from 
making contact with the truth and life. One of its most powerful ones is 
going from one extreme to another. The middle or c enter is where it is at, 
but you have to be there, totally conscious. People are looking for truth and 
love in all the wrong places. They are looking everywhere except the 
present, the only place life exists.  
You must live in the present, launch yourself on every wave, find your 
eternity in each moment. Henry David  Thoreau  
The problem and the solution are simple , but it is still possible mankind 
will miss the window of opportunity. Mankind thinks things will just keep 
getting better and better. The opposite  is true. It cannot keep getting better; 
it is impossible for that to happen in the physical world. It goes back and 
forth from good to bad and vice versa. It will get worse, and when it does, it 
will bring out the beast in mankind; you can just look at our bloody history 
to see what will  happen.  
Fool's paradise: The stable times we are in will pass, because it is the 
nature of nature to change. As sure as the world will keep turning, 
something will happen, and our true nature will reveal itself. We have to 
make the transition before it does. We are living in a foo l’s paradise, in a 
castle made of sand, in a house of cards, and the wind is starting to blow.  
People think it will never happen to them, when it is certain to happen.  
 
People think that nothing really bad can happen to them, that it only happens 
to other people. This is one of the most powerful deceptions created by the 
mind. Natural disasters will happen to people that know the truth also,  but 
they will not make the situation worse by turning into violent  animals.  
Social upheaval: It is the social upheav al that comes with major natural 
disasters that spiritual people will avoid. This upheaval often manifests as wars 
and social chaos that causes much more damage than the disaster itself.  
A light always burns the brightest before it burns out. Night follows day. 
 
56  Globaltruthproject.com   WWII: World War ll started the year the movie the Wizard of Oz came out, 
when fun-loving musicals were the most popular movies. There was not as 
much sex and violence in these movies as there is today. People were more 
refined and friendly; they did not lock their doors or have alarm  systems.  
People were more civilized just before both world wars than we are now.  
 
You have to admit the human race has become a lot weirder, more lost, 
and a lot more danger ous. We need to face the fact that it can and will 
happen to us if we do not do something to stop it from happening. It is just 
a natural cycle. The most optimistic of times have always preceded this 
world's darkest days. Things before most disasters were just as they are 
now; people were asleep. Mankind has not changed. The only difference 
now is there are a lot more people, and we are more alienated, confused, 
vulnerable, and much more  dangerous.  
 
We have been centralizing the necessities of life. The food, water and 
electricity that everyone is now dependent on can be disrupted very easily, 
sending us right back to the laws of the jungle in just a few days.  
I do not know with what weapons world war  three will be fought, but 
world war four will be fought with sticks and stones. Albert Einstein  
The most important and dangerous difference is  we  have nuclear 
weapons. One modern thermonuclear bomb can have more destructive 
power than all the conventiona l bombs used in all the previous wars.  
The unleashed power of the atom has changed everything, save our 
modes of thinking, and we thus drift toward unparalleled catastrophe. 
Albert Einstein  
You just have to look at the content of our movies and music to see where 
mankind is really at. Violence is at an all time high in movies and music. 
Before the last world war, we had Bing Crosby singing White Christmas. It 
was much less likely that the las t two world wars would happen than a 
world war happening today.  
Little sparks start big fires: The next world war is shaping up to be a war 
between religions, and this will make it much worse than any preceding 
war. Instead of fighting, we need to see the truth in religions.  
Einstein said there are two infinite things: the universe and man’s stupidity.  
 
57  Globaltruthproject.com   The first world war started over one person shooting another person. One 
shot led to millions of shots being fired. It was the assassinatio n of a 
member of a royal family. Everything happened over the honor of a royal 
family. It started the biggest bloodbath in history. That one shot set off a 
chain reaction that engulfed the whole world. The Second World War was 
just an extension of the firs t one. Hitler would not have gotten in power or 
did what he did if not for the First World War.  
It does not take much to set the world on fire. It will just take a little spark 
again, and our world will literally begin to explode, nuclear explosions this 
time. The sparks are flying in the Middle East, and the world is like 
gunpowder right now. Things could not be more dangerous, and most 
people do not even know it, which makes it even more dangerous.  
It would be like all the wars of the past stacked on top of each other.  
 
Winding a spring: We have  been in a very peaceful, stable, and 
productive period since the end of World War II. It is the longest period of 
relative peace and prosperity that this many people have ever  
experienced. It is like winding a spr ing, so a balancing period is coming, 
and it could spring back all at once. If you look at our history, you will see 
that every few years, we have a major blood bath. It is a cycle, and unless 
we change, the cycle will  continue.  
The ultimate truth is the o nly thing that can stop it from happening.  
 
If it is going to happen, it will start soon. The transformation of man could happen 
at the same time, but the odds are against it. We need to do it before it happens.  
We have to change if we want the world to change; it is a reflection of us.  
 
The future:  If the beast prevails, we know what will happen, because we 
know our bloody, savage history, but most people cannot imagine what the 
future will be like if we all begin to learn the ultimate truth.  
The following is how I see it:  
 
The rest of our current l ifespan: In the past, we had to fight and kill to 
live. Now, for a brief period, mankind no longer has to hurt or kill its own 
kind to survive; we no longer need to live like the animals we evolved from. 
If we change, the world will change with us.  
 
 
58  Globaltruthproject.com   We are the government: People are always saying the government is doing 
this, the government is doing that, as if it is a separate entity. It  is  not  
separate; the government is us. People in government live in this country and 
have familie s like everyone else. If we are good, the government will be  good.  
Baby boomers: The people that were young in the sixties have evolved 
into the establishment, more or less. The people that comprise the older 
generation, the world war generation, are dying off. The last of them are in 
their eighties and nineties, and they will all be g one in the next few years. 
Their powerful and inflexible mindset will go with them.  
Our fathers did what they had to do to save the world; it is our turn  now.  
 
The greatest generation: That is just BS to make them feel good before 
they die. They look pretty good if you just look at our side and do not look 
at the whole picture. We were the good guys, but the bad guys were as 
bad as we were good. It was also the generation that produced Hitler, 
Stalin, Mussolini , Tojo and many other really bad people. Their generation 
fought a world war that killed at least seventy million people, half civilians. 
They bombed cities, women and  children.  
The truth is, they had some of the best and some of the worst people, and 
they did some very good and very bad things. We do not want to follow in 
their footsteps. We cannot do it even if we wanted to; our weapons have 
become too powerful. President Eisenhower pointed out that mankind went 
from muskets to hydrogen bombs in his lifet ime. 
 
Their generation invented nuclear weapons and chemical/biological 
weapons, weapons of mass destruction (WMDs). Their generation left us a 
very dangerous world, one that can kill the whole human race. There is 
nothing great about that.  
The almighty do llar: Their  generation believed that materialism was 
everything. They chased the almighty dollar all their life. They did not care 
how much they destroyed the environment, and they left us with a giant 
pollution machine that will kill us all if we do not s top it or rebuild the 
machine soon.  
They have also done their best to program our minds to do the same thing 
they did. They were very closed - minded. It was pretty egotistical, and it 
just shows how blind they were to the truth. It caused a lot of conflict and 
alienation in  families.  
 
59  Globaltruthproject.com   The baby boomers are going to be the greatest generation if we do our job. 
We are the first generation in the history of the human race that can really 
do something that will make a difference. We can do something that could 
really be called great.  
We have  to turn around what “the greatest generation” did, or there 
will be no future generations.  
Winning is everything: The “winning is  everything” mentality was 
necessary to get us to where we are now, and it will be justified if we do 
what we have to.  
Payoff : The last generation will have done a great thing if we use the good 
things they did to help change people into spiritual beings. If we do not, both 
generations will be the worst that there has ever been, and there will be no 
future generations. If we wan t the last generation to be great, we will have to 
make what they did pay off, and we will have to be really great to do it.  
Square: I have no doubt that their intentions were noble, and they did  
what they believed was right for the world and us, but the truth is, they 
buried the truth in concrete, and we are going to have to dig it up fast, or 
the truth will stay buried. Their lives were simple, in black and white, just 
like their TVs. They were certain that they knew right from wrong. They 
could not know  the truth, but we can. 
Living in the NOW: The baby boomers knew living in the present  was  the 
way to live. Many books were written on the subject in the 60s, but the time 
was not right, and it could not happen, no matter how hard people  tried.  
The younger generation of the sixties has become the older generation.  
 
We are in charge now: We should have no problem doing what we want 
now; we are in charge. We are now the grown -ups, the establishment.  
The seed has been planted, and it is just waiting  for the right environment 
for it to grow. We tried everything we could try; open marriages, drugs, all 
the religions, and we know what works and what does not work, so we 
know what to do. The people that grew up in the sixties are ready to get 
spiritual. They are just waiting for the truth to be revealed and until the time 
is right to start living a spiritual life. There is nothing to stop us now, so we 
can make it happen  now. 
 
 
60  Globaltruthproject.com   Climb a mountain: You do not have to get a lot of money or knowledge or 
climb a mountain, cross an ocean, be a hero, win a gold medal, be 
beautiful or do anything other than live life completely to get to heaven. 
You do not need anything you do not always have. Anyone can have it all, 
at any age, at an y time.  
The mind tells you that you need; the spirit tells you that you have.  
 
The mind tells you that you have to do this or that, be this or that. The truth 
is, you do not have to do anything or be anything. All you have to do is 
learn the truth and truly live your life as it is being given to  you. 
The good life is living true life, and that is the simple and absolute truth.  
 
You just have to be yourself, where you are, with what you have to succeed. It is 
not hard;  it is easy.  It is not complicated;  it is simple.  People  just have  to wake  up 
to the truth, and  they will  get it all and be saved  from the animal  realm.  
Money is not everything; the truth and life is everything. You choose. 
Wherever you look, there is something to see. The Talmud Divine 
love = attention + compassion.  
Divine awareness, divine love, is mostly just your total attention to life and 
everything and everyone in it. Total attention will give you everything, which you 
can then reflect back out to everyone. Carnal love is a passionate, hot form of 
love and desire. Divine love is a cool, self -contained love without desire.  
Love is just knowing the tru th, and being in the present. It is that simple.  
 
Mind vs. mind: You need the mind of man to get past the animal mind. 
That is why we evolved from lower animals to humans. You have to know 
the intellectual mind truth, the thought or word truth, before you can 
separate from the mind completely; thus, you have to be where we are 
now. You have to know you have a mind and its nature. You have to know 
you are really a spiritual being and the nature o f spiritual things. You have 
to know you are going to die and be  reborn.  
Since animals other than man cannot know it, they have no chance to get 
free from the mind and get to heaven. They have to evolve biologically into 
a human before they get the opportu nity we have. On the other hand, 
mankind can evolve without changing bodies.  
 
61  Globaltruthproject.com   Animal mind: People that are trying to get clear of the mind usually learn 
how to turn off the conscious level of the mind in a short period of time, 
and then they go no further. This is because they think they are totally 
clear. Life is much more fulfilling without the conscious mind blocking  it. 
When the conscious mind closes down, you are at the awareness level of 
all lower animals. You become as aware as dogs,  cats, and all other lower 
animals. It is so fulfilling that people stop there.  
 
That does not mean you will see as well as an eagle or hear as well as a dog. All 
animals have some specialized senses that are stronger than other animals to 
help them surviv e and evolve. Our specialized sense that was superior to all 
other animals was and is our minds. It gave us a huge advantage over other 
animals and put us where we are, at the top of the food chain.  
It is all about being more aware of your environment. Our minds made us 
aware on a completely new level of perception. It not only gave us the power  
to conquer the animal world, it gives us the power to evolve ourselves and to 
manipulate our environment like no other animal. What mankind has been 
doing and could be doing in the future is unprecedented in the animal realm, 
and people take it for granted. It is the most wonderful and miraculous thing 
possible. You just have to know it, and use it to its full potential.  
When we learn the ultimate  truth, the conscious and subconscious parts of 
our minds start to open themselves up and go into the background.  
It feels so good and is so fulfilling that people are not aware that there is 
anything else between them and life. There is; it is the instinctual part of 
our minds, the deepest part of our minds. It does not open itself up with the 
other  parts.  
The instinctual mind is very powerful, and it is harder to see than the 
conscious mind. You see your conscious mind by just trying to get in touch 
with your life senses. When they are all clear and receiving all of the life 
coming to you, you can know that the conscious mind is not in your life. 
You cannot do that with the instinctual part of your mind. The instinctual 
part of your mind does not block your other senses very much, not enough 
to know it that way. Using that method to see it does not work.  
That is what makes it the most dangerous part of your mind. It is difficult and 
scary to get past. The instinctual part of your mind manifests itself as fear as 
well as racism, all other aggressive and violent animal behavior, and sex. 
 
 
62  Globaltruthproject.com   Hitler and Manson are examples of people that got their charisma and 
presence from living without the conscious mind much o f the time. It gave 
them their power, but without the conscious mind to keep the instinctual 
mind in check, you have a very charismatic super -predator.  
Hitler was more organized; Manson was more spontaneous, but they were 
on the same level. They got past fear, but not aggression. They were 
charismatic, fearless and aggressive, and we all know the result of that 
state of mind. Manson and Hitler did not know they were living without the 
conscious mind; they did not turn it off deliberately. The y were not aware 
that they had no conscience. They literally lost their minds; they did not 
take control of them as a spiritual being does. Only people that know the 
ultimate truth can turn off their  mind.  
 
To go most of the way and then stop before you get past the instinctual mind 
can be a disaster. You will just be turning the beast loose at full power. You 
have to get past the fulfillment and fear of going further. If you stop, you will 
just be a very dangerous  animal. This  is why it is important to keep opening  
up until you connect with true life. You will know when it happens.  
The mind's last stand: As you begin to get past the instinctual mind, it can 
feel like you are dying. That fear usually stops you from going further until you 
realize it is not death, it is birth. You are dying to your  mind -self and  being 
born to your spiritual -self. Even when you think you are clear, keep opening 
up; it always gets better and better. To stop searching or opening up is to die 
spiritually. As the Bible  says, you go from glory to glory, and it  never  ends. 
The key is to never stop seeking more, wanting more truth and life. 
Seeking never ends: You can know the truth completely, but never know 
the life completely. It is infinite, and to know it the best it can be known is 
achieved by constantly looking deeper, by constantly seeking it, being 
open to more of  it. 
The beginning and the end: The instinctual mind is the last thing that holds 
you in the animal realm. Animal life started with the instinctual mind, and it will 
end with the instinctual mind. When you get past it, your spirit is free.  
The reason it is so hard to see and so hard to get past is our spirit has spent 
over seven -hundred million years with the instinctual mind; we  have  only 
been with the conscious and subconscious mind for about 10,000  years.  
 
 
 
63  Globaltruthproject.com   The animal mind never goes away in this life; it is always lurking like 
a lion, so you have to be constantly  vigilant.  
It is hardwired in our brains, so it is difficult to get past, but many of us can 
and will get past it. Others will stop at the instinctual mind and cause a lot 
of trouble with their new -found, ch arismatic  presence.  
 
Everything, including the quest for enlightenment, is a double -edged 
sword. The price for many people becoming enlightened is many people 
going just part way and becoming more dangerous animals.  
 
Other people that live in the mind are always going to be a problem we will 
have to live with in this world. Until all people that live in the mind  are 
gone, we are going to have to deal with them. Just being around other 
minds, especially strong ones, makes it almost impossible to stay 
completely mind free and open to the present for  very long.  
 
Great spirits are always opposed by mediocre minds. 
Albert Einstein  
 
The good news is, once you know true life, you know it forever, because 
the collective unconscious will never let you forget the way. You will be 
able to live in the truth an d life part time for the rest of this lifespan, and 
when you die, you will be born into a place where you can live in the truth 
and true life full time, because everyone else is in the present and knows 
the truth and the life. It is self-evident to them al l the time; there is no mind 
opposing them as there is in this world  now. 
 
I love acting. It is so much more real than life. 
Oscar Wilde  
 
Living stars: Successful stars of stage and screen are in the business of 
living in the present on cue. That is why we  like watching them; we see the 
truth and the life in them. What makes a great actor great is their ability to 
be real and reflect the real. You can't fake it; you have to be like a mirror 
and take all the life there is in, and then reflect it back out to the camera or 
audience. That is why they are called stars. The stars in the sky shine with 
light; the stars in show business shine with life. The trick is to learn to do it 
all the time.  
 
 
 
64  Globaltruthproject.com   "I couldn't think my way into better acting. 
I had to act my way into better thinking."  
 
Know the way: Most of the stars of show business cannot do it when they 
are alone, because they do not know how to do it; they do not know the 
way, the ultimate truth,  the spiritual method. They cannot live like spiritual 
beings except during some rare moments when they are on stage or in 
front of the camera. When you are acting a part, you have a script. You 
know what is going to happen, so you do not have to think. Th at is why 
people in the movies seem more real than your own life; they are. It is one 
of those things that is the opposite of what people think. Actors are in the 
life business. They recreate and present true life. A spiritual being also 
knows what is goin g to happen, because they know the ultimate truth. This 
makes it possible to live without the mind.  
 
Acting something is thought to be not real, because you are play -acting. It 
turns out that the act of playing someone else can reveal the real you.  
Spiritu al beings can live like stars or mirrors of life anywhere. Be the 
star of your own movie, your life.  
Acting or playing someone else helps you realize that you are not your 
mind, because you are acting as if you are in someone else's mind. It 
makes you real ize you are not someone else's mind, nor your own.  
The Method: Method acting is the art of living from the outside in. You are 
not even there. You are just a reaction or reflection of what is outside of 
you. Great actors such as Marlon Brando and James Dea n use the  
method to get into the present and become the center of it. A spiritual 
being just does it all the  time.  
 
It is all about becoming the truth and the life. This book just shows you how 
to do it. In acting, you include negative emotions if the rol e calls for it. In 
real life, you leave them out, because they are not needed and can cause 
problems. Many of the great actors and/or stars of the past knew how to 
get into the present intuitively. They had a connection with the collective 
unconscious or H oly Spirit if you are into religion (they are the same thing). 
People like Spencer Tracy and Katharine Hepburn were masters of getting 
into the present on cue, but because they did not know the ultimate truth, 
they were only fulfilled when  working.  
 
65  Globaltruthproject.com   Acting/performing is a form of religion: It is a tool to become spiritual, at 
least while performing. It gives you a taste of the present so that you know 
what it is. Everyone should take up acting, at least for a hobby. There 
should be a small live theater in every neighborhood, and everyone should 
take a turn on stage in the light. It makes it a lot easier to get into the 
present, plus it can be fun, and it is a way to share the present. Knowing 
the fulfillment of the present is essential. It will motivate you to learn the 
truth and the life so that you can be fulfilled all the  time.  
Know what is going to happen: Actors playing a role can live in the 
present, be cause they know what is going to happen. People that know the 
truth of life also know what is going to happen, so they can live in the 
present and be fulfilled all the time. If you know the ultimate truth, there is 
no unknown. It gives you absolute securit y, and this frees you to live life to 
the fullest.  
My doctrine is: Live that thou mayest desire to live again - that is thy 
duty - for in any case, thou wilt live again! Friedrich Nietzsche  
Child -like, not childish: In the future, people will play a lot. W e will be child - 
like, but not childish or irresponsible. You will be filled with life like a child.  
Leaders: If the truth is seen by most of mankind in the near future, the 
human race will evolve past leaders and followers and any other real 
divisions bet ween people. There will be people that are more popular than 
others are, but that is about it. It will go back and forth from lifespan to 
lifespan like everything else.  
He who cannot obey himself will be commanded. That is the nature of 
living creatures. F riedrich Nietzsche  
There will be a government, but not much of one. Most of it will be part time 
volunteers. Instead of leaders, we will have teachers of the truth of life. 
One no longer becomes poor or rich: both require too much exertion. Who 
still wants  to rule?  Who  obey?  Both  require  too much  exertion.  Anyone  that 
does not agree goes voluntarily into the asylum. Friedrich  Nietzsche  
People that know the truth of life lead themselves; they go where love leads.  
Yesterday, we obeyed kings and bent our necks before emperors. But 
today, we kneel only to truth, follow only beauty, and obey only love. 
Khalil Gibran  
 
66  Globaltruthproject.com   Pain and fear: In addition to causing all the hate, deception and 
discontent, the mind tries to close down your sense of feeling as much as it 
can to avoid physical pain. It does not work; pain will still hurt just as bad. 
The problem is that your sense of  feeling stays closed even after the pain  
is gone. People try to hide from pain and end up hiding from true life.  
When the mind tries to shut out pain, it does not succeed, but it does 
succeed in shutting down your perception of true life. It is the wors t bargain 
you can make. You have to embrace all of life completely, including 
physical pain. Trying to ignore life, any part of it, is the worst thing you can 
do. It is the only sin there  is. 
You have to take the bitter with the sweet to live true life.  
You just have to remember the pain will pass and be compensated for with an 
equal amount of pleasure. You can be in pain and still be fulfilled. No one  
likes pain, and everyone will still try t o avoid pain when they can, but  when 
you cannot, you just have to suck it up and endure it until it passes. Why try to 
mentally avoid it when it does not work anyway? You have to take what is 
coming to you and take it all, no matter what it is. You cannot  try to shut out 
pain without shutting out life. You can take pain medication to stop or relieve 
pain whenever you can, but never close your mind to the  present.  
Separating the spiritual beings from the animals: It is easy to be 
completely open when life is good; almost anyone can do that. It is when 
times are bad, when you lose, when you fail, that it is most difficult. It is 
what separates the spiritual beings from the animals. It is the baptism of 
fire. Difficult or not, you have to be open to the present at all times. You 
have to want it with all of your heart, no matter what it is, and let it in, 
embrace it as your true love.  
Success is going from one failure to another without losing 
enthusiasm. Winston Churchill  
Hardwired: Once you know the ultimate truth, you will be able to separate 
yourself from fear completely, along with all negative things created by the 
mind, but not physical pain, because it is hardwired into our bodies. Some 
people can mentally reduce pain  for short periods of time, but most people 
cannot. Pain medication will help, but not always, and you will not always 
have access to pain medication. If there is no way to avoid it, why try?  
Physical pain will hurt as long as you are in your current body.  Knowing  
the balance will help you through it, but it will not stop it. Pain is hardwired 
into our current bodies. It will not be in heaven, but we are not there  yet. 
 
 
67  Globaltruthproject.com   Most of the pain, sadness and discomfort in our lives is mental, a creation 
of our minds. Our minds create it, so they can stop creating it once we 
realize the truth, but we cannot do much about the physical pain in our 
lives. The pain caused by injuries or disease is real. It is real, and it cannot 
be avoided, but it comprises a small percent of most people’s lives and is 
balanced by pleasure.  
Pain is concentrated pleasure: A little pain buys a lot of pleasure. You 
can never feel as good as you can feel bad. The worst  pain feels a lot 
worse than the greatest pleasure feels good.  
Pain, especially from injuries, is a lot more concentrated and intense. The pain -
pleasure balance is never equal in intensity or duration. A few minutes of 
extreme pain can equal months of feeling good or hours of pleasure.  
Fear factor: After you know the truth and start opening up to the life, you will 
become more fearful of dangerous situations. It is natural and to be expected;  
it tells you that you are on the right path and becoming more aware. The fear 
can serve a positive or negative purpose, depending on how you look at it. It 
can have a powerful negative effect if you let it close you down and make you 
less aware of the present. Never try to mentally hide from anythin g. Use fear 
as a cue to bring you into the present. Fear is a great positive if you let  the  
fear make you more aware of life; let it bring you more into the present. Fear 
can make you more aware, more in the present.  
Fear is the mind's greatest tool to control you, but if you take control of it, 
fear can be used as your greatest tool to free yourself from the mind. What 
is now your worst enemy can become your best friend.  
Make fear your friend.  
 
Look at a coyote; it lives in constant fear and is aware of everything 
happening around it. Get into fear when it occurs, and use it to open you 
up to life. Never let it close you down  more.  
As Marlon Brando says at the end of the movie Apocalypse Now: “You 
have to make horror y our friend, or it will be an enemy to truly fear.”  
Fear never really goes away, because it is a reflex response to dangerous 
situations and is semi - hardwired into our bodies. The best you can do is 
separate yourself from it, see it for the mind -made thing it is, and not let it 
control you.  
 
68  Globaltruthproject.com   Chapter 5  
Heaven on Earth  
War: Wars will just fade away. People will have a hard time believing they 
ever happened. The whole last ten thousand years will be seen as one long 
Dark Age, a pathetic and ugly time that we will not even want to remember.  
Why do people that want the same things have conflicts? It is stupid 
when seen from the truth and the life. When people wake up, all 
conflicts will stop for many reasons, but survival will be the main  one. 
In the past, we had to fight for limited  resources to survive, so it was 
necessary, but now the opposite is true, and we just have to see this fact in 
time. We no longer have any reason to fight with each other, and every 
reason not to, survival being the main one. The truth and communication 
will be the key.  
The age of mankind: It will be relegated to museums. The age of mankind 
will be right next to the exhibit of the caveman.  
We must learn to live together as brothers, or perish together as fools.  
Martin Luther King Jr.  
 
Altogether now: All conflicts happen because someone with power does not 
see the truth. If one group sees the truth, but one group does not, the one that 
does not can force the one that does to fight  in self-defense. This  is why we 
all have to learn the truth at about the same time to avoid a big  conflict.  
Most people that create fear and violence are of the beast; most people that 
create peace and love are of the spirit. It is just that simple. Conflict will not stop 
overnight, but it has to happen soon, or we are goin g to destroy ourselves.  
Misguided people and nuclear weapons are a very dangerous combination.  
 
When I watch the news, I mostly see rich celebrities getting into trouble and 
people that revert back to their primitive animal self doing something horrible to  
someone. These things just help hide the monster that is really destroying us.  
Before you can do the right thing, you have to know what the right thing is.  
 
People have to learn that the better other people do, the better they do. 
 
69  Globaltruthproject.com   The mo re money people have, the more they can spend on the products we 
create. This will make us wealthier, and our enemies friends. As Abraham 
Lincoln said, the best way to defeat an enemy is to make a friend out of them.  
We want everyone in the world to do better and have more money, because it 
will come back to us. Half of the human race is very poor and lives on less  
than two dollars a day. If we just doubled that, they would have double the 
money to spend. They would live bett er, and they would spend double the 
money they are now spending, doubling the value of the economy of half the 
world. Prosperity will create prosperity if we wake up to the  truth.  
Work creates something out of nothing. If you build a house, you have a 
hous e where you did not before. Making things better, makes them better.  
A rising tide lifts all  boats. 
John F.  Kennedy  
 
A government’s job will be to keep everyone productive. They will help 
create enough good jobs to keep everyone busy and earning enough 
money to live well.  
We have  a gigantic  nuclear  reactor  in the sky; there  is no energy  shortage.  
 
Why are we spending at least a fourth of every dollar we make directly and 
indirectly on energy, when we can have it for free? Are we stupid or  what?  
You cannot get too much electricity: There are a never ending amount 
of things we can do with it to improve our lives. We can make materials 
that require a lot of electricity to make, like aluminum, for much cheaper. 
We can use it to make super cold fluids and make super conductivity of 
electricity widespread. We can use it to separate hydrogen from water and 
make clean, powerful fuels for vehicles. We can make fresh water from 
ocean water and solve the world’s fresh water problem. Abundant , free 
electricity will change everything for the better, and we can have it in the 
next few years.  
Why wait? We use the technology we have now; we do not wait until it is 
as cheap as oil. That is just a deception to keep us from doing it. As 
technologies to produce free, clean electricity become cheaper and more 
efficient, we just replace the older technology with the newer technology or 
just add it to it. 
Doing anything is better than just burning the money up.  
 
70  Globaltruthproject.com   We are literally burning up over two billion dollars a day.  
 
That is just the direct costs for heating, lighting and transportation. There are 
also indirect energy costs we pay when we buy products. We pay for the 
energy it costs to produce the products, a nd it is more than the direct costs. 
We could build a solar power system in a few years, and then we would save 
more than a half a trillion dollars a year from then on, so why don’t we do it?  
What is wrong with creating millions of new, high paying jobs in  the USA?  
 
Yellowstone: We develop Yellowstone geothermal to make all the 
hydrogen we need. It has the heat and water needed to do it. We could 
build a system to make rivers of hydrogen to power all engines that now 
burn gas. The Yellowstone caldera is over about a hundred square miles. 
We could build hundreds of power plants just like coal power plants, but  
we would not need the coal. We could not only make all the power the US 
needs, we could be the biggest exporter of hydrogen in the world in a few 
years. Instead of buying polluting oil from other countries, we could make 
and sell hydrogen. Wake up people.  
 
If we can tap a source of free, clean energy, we should do it now. We 
should not w ait until the technology is as inexpensive as oil. The sooner  
we do it, the less money we will be just burning up, and the less we will  
hurt the  environment.  
Oil companies will make more money: We need to save our oil for 
making plastics, medicines, fert ilizers and other necessary products that 
are made from oil. Why use it for energy when we can get that  for free 
from the sun?  
We are literally burning the most useful material found on the earth.  
 
Even the rich oil people are going to wake up and realize it would be in their 
best interest to stop using so much oil for fuel. They are screwing themselves.  
Plastic houses: New inexpensive structural plastics and molding methods 
will be developed. We will start making vehicles, houses and buildings out 
of them. It will cost less, be easier to maintain, look better and last longer 
than anything else. It can look and feel like marble, rare wood, etc. Intricate 
designs can be molded right in to look like the work of artists and 
craftsmen. Look at the interiors of buildings in Star Wars: Episode Two, 
and you will see how great plastic will  look.  
 
71  Globaltruthproject.com   When oil is no lo nger used to power vehicles, there will be so much supply that it will 
start being used for houses, buildings, and other structures that need to be made 
inexpensive, be low maintenance, look good and last as long as possible. 
Environmentalists are always s aying that plastic is not biodegradable and stays in 
the environment forever. That is bad when used for throwaway products, but it is a 
very good thing when it comes to people’s houses and buildings, because the longer 
they last and the easier to maintain,  the better. We want structures to last and not 
need costly maintenance. Termites do not eat plastic, and it does not rust like steel 
or rot like wood. Houses made of plastic would not be hurt in floods or earthquakes, 
and they will be so light that they w ould be easy to move and  build.  
We can mold whole walls with the spaces for windows and doors molded in 
any color and texture. It will never need paint. Until plastic can be made fire - 
proof, sprinklers and other fire prevention systems would be part of al l plastic 
structures. Sprinkler systems don't hurt plastic like they do to wood structures.  
Green architecture: The roof will be molded to accept solar panels. 
Rainwater runoff will be saved in plastic tanks in the walls to use as drinking 
water or to water the roof in dry periods. A house or building  could  go  
together something like Legos , so every house will be different to suit the 
needs of the people living in it. Construction and transportation costs would 
drop. They will come in kits, and peopl e can put them together  themselves 
with glue or clips, so they can take the houses with them when they move.  
The oil companies will get bigger and make more money than they are now. This 
business will also last much longer if we stop using oil for fuel. T he more we have 
left for other things, the more the oil companies will make, and the longer they will 
stay in business.  A bonus  will be that the oil business  will not pollute  the air. 
 
It will stop global warming, because plastic will not release carbon dioxide into 
the air as burning oil does. It will also stop our forests from being cut down to be 
used for building material. These forests also take carbon dioxide out of the air.  
Instead of beating on the oil companies, we should be giving them 
big enough incentives to make it profitable for them to do what we 
want them to  do. 
We are burning  up the ultimate  construction  material  by using  oil for fuel.  
 
Once we start getting electricity for free, most steel, concrete and wood will 
be replaced by new alloys of plastic and aluminum as a building  material.  
 
72  Globaltruthproject.com   It all starts with people being able to stop fighting, wasting time and resources, 
and seeing  what needs to be done. The universal truth is the only thing that can 
make that happen, so defining and spreading the truth is the first step.  
Commitment: We need a president that will commit to building the solar 
power system the way JFK committed America to getting to the moon in the 
early sixties and the way FDR did it to build dams to end the depression and 
build the atomic bomb in WWII, only we will do it faster and better this time.  
When people wake up, they will realize we can do  anything we have the 
technology and will to do, and we do not need a war or depression to do it.  
The fact is, doing it now will prevent a war from happening from the problems 
using oil will cause in the near future. When we wake up, we will just do it.  
Why not let the power of the sun and the heat of the inner earth do 
most of the work for us?  
The oil companies will just keep oil cheaper than solar to prevent solar 
from being developed. That is why we need the government to get 
involved. The mass production will bring the price way down, but we do it 
regardless of price at  first. 
What we really need is some real inspired, enlightened leadership again.  
Mobilized: Why does it take a world war to un ite all of America and 
mobilize our manufacturing toward a single goal? It does because it is life 
or death, and we have no choice. When the truth is seen, we will see 
building the energy system is life and death, and we will do it.  
The truth is free, and it is the foundation of spiritual life. Solar power 
is free, and it is the foundation of physical life.  
Print new money: We finance it the same way we finance war. The 
energy project is so important and valuable that it would justify printing new 
money to pay for it. If we did that, we could start building right  away.  
It would cost about three trillion dollars to convert our country to solar 
power. We would get that money back in less than four years, with the 
money we are now spending on oil and sending outside of our  country.  
When we print money, it just dilutes and devalues all our money a little, so if we 
do it, everyone will be paying for the new energy system, which is the way it 
should be anyway. When the system is completed, it will be so valuable that the 
value  of our money  will go up more  than enough  to offset  the money  we printed.  
 
73  Globaltruthproject.com   We act as if we are in a war now to prevent a real war from happening.  
 
Our goals: America has to do two things with all its effort. Create a free 
electrical power system, and spread the truth; nothing more, nothing less.  
Infrastructure: We are proposing to spend almost a trillion dollars 
rebuilding infrastructure such as old bridges and  roads to create jobs and 
stimulate the economy. The problem is that bridges and roads do not pay 
for themselves, let alone make money like solar and geothermal 
technology. We need to spend our tax dollars on things that pay for 
themselves and make money f irst. 
 
The solution  above  sounds  too simple  to be true,  too good  to be true,  but it 
is not; it is simple and good, and we can do it now. If we did it in wartime, 
we can do it even  faster in  peacetime; we  just have  to be as motivated.  
We need people like General Grove who ran the Manhattan Project that 
developed the nuclear bomb during World War ll to run the energy project. 
We could  use the military’s expertise in controlling manpower and 
organization by putting them in charge of all big public works projects, such 
as the solar power system.  
To see the complete section, read “The Present” —Insights 
(clean -energy -green -technology)  
 
Once Americans see the way, they will go that way. It is as simple as that.  
 
All the wars that have ever been fought, the rivers of blood that have been 
spilled, have been just for one purpose, and that is to create a heaven on 
earth now. All the soldiers that have ever fought and died in any war did it 
to get us to where we are now. Everything we have done, good or bad, has 
just been for this one purpose, whether we consciously knew it or not. If we 
do not do what we need to do now, it will all have been f or nothing.  
The world is a dangerous place to live, not because of those who are evil, 
but because of the people who don’t do anything about it. Albert Einstein  
Let every  nation  know,  whether  it wishes  us well or ill, that we shall  pay any 
price, bear any burden, meet any hardship, support any friend, oppose any 
foe, in order to assure the survival and the success of  liberty.  
John F. Kennedy  
 
 
74  Globaltruthproject.com   We live in a dangerous world, and we have to stop living like a bunch of 
moron s just to survive as a species much longer. We have no choice.  
After we unite the world, we need to put most of our money into down to 
earth science and pure research to make life more safe and better for 
everyone. Wasting money on things that will not rea lly help us will kill us.  
 
How can people think we can survive without facing the truth?  
 
It is impossible; it is certain destruction and the ultimate waste. Even if 
everyone woke up and we started spending all our money on the right 
things, our survival w ould still be a close call, but if we do not wake up, we 
will have no chance at all.  
 
If a lot of people learn the truth in the next few years, the odds are really 
good that we will create a heaven on earth. If most people do not learn the 
truth, the human race will be destroyed, so I think we will learn the truth.  
 
When you live in the tru th, you work for the best, but are always prepared 
for the worst, because you know it will happen. It does not matter if it is a 
bomb, a car accident, or old age that kills you; you are just as dead. 
Therefore, the only thing that matters is that we live i n the truth and the life 
and do the right thing while we are here.  
 
The truth forces people to look at the hard facts and make big decisions.  
 
Rule of the beast: The animals have ruled this world for seven hundred 
million years. We now have a small opportu nity to change that forever. It 
took us about seven hundred million years to get into this position, so to 
not take advantage of it would be the biggest mistake we can make.  
 
We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real 
tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light.  Plato  
Comfort zone: People only want to read things that entertain them, make 
them feel good, reassure them that everything is okay. No one wants to do 
or face anything uncomfortable. This book is not that kind of book . This 
book is about the truth, the whole truth, because it is our only hope. This 
book is only scary and uncomfortable until you see the ultimate truth, then 
you will love what it says.  
 
 
75  Globaltruthproject.com   Spirit food: Most books feed just the mind; that is what makes them 
popular. Books that are intended to feed the spirit, like this one, have to 
also feed the mind just to be read, but it will never be as enjoyable to read 
as a book that just tries to please the mind.  
It is not the taste of the medicine; it is what it does that matters.  
 
You have to do something with your time on earth, and a spiritual being 
spends their time helping others. It is just what we feel like doing.  
 
The purpose of human life is to serve and t o show compassion and 
the will to help others. Albert Schweitzer  
Big changes: At this time in history, we have to make big changes, or the 
little changes we make are not going to matter. If we do not, we will die, 
and that is the biggest change there is, so we have no choice but to make 
the changes.  
 
Big picture: A spiritual being lives in the present and always sees the big 
picture. By big picture, I mean we see our true past and future, see past 
death, see past this current life span.  
 
The only security i n life is knowing the ultimate truth.  
 
The right thing: A spiritual being always knows what the right thing is, 
because they are not deceived by the irrational passions and deceptions of 
the mind.  
 
The overman, who has organized the chaos of his passions, given 
style to his character and become creative, aware of life’s terrors, he 
affirms life without resentment. Friedrich  Nietzsche  
 
The goal: To transform ourselves into spiritual beings and then to create a 
heaven on earth. Living with just positives is the goal of all life. It will all 
start with the truth of life being defined and spread. Everything else will 
happen as a result, so start spreadi ng the truth  now.  
 
Only the truth and the life can save mankind and create a heaven on 
earth. If not us, who? If not now, when?  
76  Globaltruthproject.com   Chapter 6  
The Beatles  
Prophets: Most people think all the prophets lived hundreds of years ago, but 
the truth i s, there have been many recent prophets. Some have been in show 
business and the arts. Let me tell you about four of the most powerful.  
“Living is easy with eyes closed, misunderstanding all you see.”  
“Strawberry Fields Forever” The Beatles  
The Beatles themselves were like other men, but the music and lyrics channeled 
through them contained magic and messages from beyond the mind.  
I remember the first time I heard a Beatles song. It was February 1964, just 
a few months after President Kennedy  was shot and killed. Everyone was 
in a funk. I was walking home from school (sixth grade) with a friend, and 
we were going over to a neighbor’s house. He was older and very cool. He 
built drag racing cars in his garage and always had his radio blaring. There 
was a song coming out of it that stopped me in my tracks. On a cold and 
gloomy winter day, the wind blowing through my hair, I heard: “If there's 
anything that you want, if there's anything I can do, just call on me, 
and I'll send it along, with love, from me to you.”  
We stood there on the corner and listened to the whole song in silence. I was 
stunned. My friend said, “The song is called ‘From Me To You.' They  are 
called the Beatles, and they all got haircuts like Moe of the Three  Stooges.”  
It went right through me; it seemed familiar and unknown at the same time. It 
was one of those rare moments that you never forget,  which changes  your 
life. The Kennedy assassination was one of them. I lost my innocence and 
the Beatles gave it back to me. I went from no hope, to anything is possible, 
and I was not alone; it seemed like it happened to every kid in the  world.  
There was no shortage of great music at the time. I did not really like or dislike 
the song; it was just different, like something from another planet. I had never 
heard anything like it, no one had. It was kind of weird, because they were 
saying silly things like little kids, and had haircuts like little kids. Their songs 
said things like, “She loves you yeah yeah yeah, I want to hold your hand,” 
and stuff like that which was strange, but it had  a powerful vitality and joy. It 
got my attention. The words were simple and direct, and it seemed like they 
were talking directly to you, not just some unknown girl like other  songs.  
 
77  Globaltruthproject.com   Before the Beatles, we were all into looking like James Dean and trying to be cool. 
After the Beatles showed up, around the release of Rubber Soul or Revolver, we quit 
wearing shoes and started growing out our hair. It w as time to go our own way and 
get into life. It was the start of a long party for me and a lot of other kids.  
The movies Animal House and American Graffiti depict the way cars, 
music, and people were in 1963, just before the Beatles showed up. We 
were happ y with the music, and we were not looking for something new. I 
am still into that music and hotrods. The music before the Beatles was the 
greatest rock and roll ever made.  
It did not matter; the Beatles changed everything overnight anyway. Their power 
was overwhelming. Nothing like it happened before or has happened since.  
That is what made what they did so special and magical; it was impossible.  
 
Force of nature: I am not saying their music was better. I liked the music 
before they came better, but they were better; it was the whole package. 
The Beatles were a force of nature, and all us kids were just swept away.  
It was a great time to be a teenag er. It seemed like they came out with a new 
song every few weeks that was totally different and better than the one before. 
This is at a time when they sold single records, with one song on each side; they 
were called forty -fives. So in the beginning, I bo ught their songs two at a time.  
People that were not there cannot comprehend what it was like for a kid to 
hear a new Beatles song for the first time. It put a real magic in the air.  
They were very magical times. This went on for seven years and took me 
from the age of eleven to nineteen. The Beatles were the sound track for 
my whole teenage life. I was blessed. I was too cool for the Beatles after 
the first year or two. However, I always knew The Beatles were there, 
being perfect, being better than should be possible for mortal  men.  
They were like the gods of the sixties. All other bands in the sixties were just 
great  musicians,  but the Beatles  were  something  more, and  they were  ours.  Most 
people that are into music know the sixties were a time of musical kings. 
Everyone was great, but the Beatles were the king of kings, and that is why they 
were so exceptional. Anyone can be big now; back then the biggest meant 
something.  Being  great  was the norm;  to be the undisputed  best took magic.  
That is why I talk about them in this book. It is not for their music; it is for 
the way they took over the hearts and minds of most young people when it 
should have been impossible to do. What they did wa s real magic.  
 
78  Globaltruthproject.com   It is a sign: Nature set them apart for a reason. It is so we do not just think 
they were just another great band, so we look closer and listen a little better.  
There was an X factor to the Beatles, and everyone knew it on some level, 
even the adults and people that did not like their music. As musicians they 
were unbelievably great; as people they were funny and smart.  
They were the strongest voice of a generatio n of many strong, talented 
voices. They made the older generation look stupid and made us look 
good; they gave us real strength.  
I took them for granted like most people and did not know how special they were 
until years after they were gone. I always thou ght that some other band would 
eventually come along and be that good. No one has, and now I know why.  
They were not just musicians; they were prophets. We do not need a new 
band; we still have them. We still have their music; we just have to really hear i t. 
Spiritual event: The Beatles music was behind and powered the last big 
spiritual event. It was called the peace and love movement. They gave it 
legitimacy, and that great Beatles “ we can do anything and have fun 
doing it” vibe.  
They got it going with al bums like Magical Mystery Tour, Sgt. Pepper’s,  
and ended it with The White album via Charles Manson. What happened 
was not their intention, but their music on The White Album ( Helter 
Skelter/Piggies ) was involved in ending the peace and love movement in 
the summer of 1969. Hippies were not seen as harmless  anymore.  
It happened like this: When Martin Luther King was shot, it started going 
down. It ended politically when Bobby Kennedy was shot. The hippie 
movement ended with the Manson murders and The Stone s concert at 
Altamont. It then ended spiritually when the Beatles broke up. As John 
Lennon said, the dream was over.  
Most people felt if the Beatles could not make it happen, nothing could.  
Hidden messages: To hear the hidden messages in the Beatles’ music, 
you do not have to play the songs backwards like some people in the 
sixties thought; you just have to change your perspective, listen  
backwards. Instead of their songs being sung to a girl somewhere, you 
hear them as being sung to you personally. You listen like the song is new 
and you have never heard it before, because you really haven’t; no one 
has, not even  them.  
 
79  Globaltruthproject.com   In the song "Julia", John Lennon says, "Half of what I say is  
meaningless,  but I say it just to reach you." This clearly means that  half 
of what they say is meaningful, and the rest is just there to reach  us. 
 
Some of their songs were obviously being sung directly to the listener, and 
others are just love songs to a girl, but most are both. They are being sung to 
a girl and to you, even if you are not a girl. They can be interpreted either way 
depending on your perspective. From the perspective of a teenage girl, you 
hear a silly love song. From the perspec tive of a truth seeker, you will hear a 
love song also, only it's spiritual love, divine love. Other bands are just singing 
love songs to a girl somewhere, but in hindsight, we now know that the 
Beatles were into something bigger; they were  prophets.  
 
Time  lock: Most of their early songs appear to be just silly love songs. 
This is what made it possible to get a spiritual communication to most 
people. They sugarcoated the truth, hid it as a love song, and sent it to the 
truth seekers of the world under the r adar. It worked, if we get it now.  It  
was actually created for  now.  
 
The sign: There is a sign in their songs to let us know the songs are not 
just a love song for a girl. The sign is the word "friend" which is not a way 
that you would address a girl you are singing a love song to.  
 
Examples: The song “I'll Follow the Sun” , "Though I  lose a friend , in the 
end you will know. Someday you'll find I was the one.” The song: “We Can 
Work It Out” , "Life is very short and there's no time for fussing and fighting 
my friend .” The song “Can’t Buy Me Love” , “I will buy you a diamond ring 
my frien d , if it makes you feel alright.” The song: “I'll Get You” , "So I'm 
telling you my friend , I will get you in the end.” They will get us now.  
 
In that last song, “I’ll Get You,” they say, “There is going to be a time, when 
I am going to change your mind.” They mean literally change your mind, 
from the mind of mankind to the mind of a spiritual being. See the 
difference it makes?  
 
They actually say change your mind and make you min e at the same time.  
 
 
 
 
 
80  Globaltruthproject.com   Words with two meanings: Girl, her, baby, honey, she, darling, etc. = 
receiver. The receiver is female, just as biologically females receive the 
seed of life from males. Whoever is listening to their music is the r eceiver, 
because you are receiving the music. The word, man, he, him, his, etc. = 
transmitter or sender. The collective unconscious via the Beatles are the 
transmitters; they are sending the music and message. Home = the 
Present, God, etc. End = beginning,  etc. 
This is why metaphorically God is a male. God gives us life; we receive it.  
 
When they say “you,” they mean you. They use metaphors like religious 
books do. The two meanings for the word “love” are divine love, which 
means, God, the Present, total aw areness, etc. The other meaning for love 
is carnal love (man woman love). One meaning is for your soul, the other is 
for that mystery girl.  
If you listen to songs like “Two of Us” (Let It Be) and “Your Bird Can Sing” 
(Revolver) and “Wait” , “The Word” or “Think For Yourself” (Rubber Soul), 
you will see the meanings clearly, and you know where they are coming 
from and who they are talking to. You will realize they are talking to you in 
the here and now.  
Some other songs where it is easy to see  the dual meanings are the songs 
“All My Loving” (With the Beatles), “I Will” (The White Album), “Tell Me 
What You See” (Help!), “No Reply” or “What You’re Doing” (Beatles For 
Sale), or “Things We Said Today” (A Hard Day’s Night). On that same 
album (A Hard Day's Night), the song “I’ll Be Back” is telling us they will be 
back, a second coming, once we can see the true meanings of the songs.  
Second coming: They are coming back, but not as the cute mop tops we 
saw the first time. This time, we will see them for the prophets they really 
were and hear the spiritual and truth side of their music. It will change the 
world again. The power and vibe is still there; add the truth and the life 
(the present), your new pers pective, and you have a door to the magical 
mystery tour, a ticket to  ride. 
The long and winding road that leads to your door, they mean your door, your 
spirit. When they say I want to be your man, it means they want to be your 
“mind,” send you a transmiss ion, inform you. When they say, I want to hold your 
hand, it means they want to connect to you, show you the way, be with you, etc.  
When they say “come on,” they mean come on like a light, wake up.  
 
81  Globaltruthproject.com   Listen to “Everybody’s Got Something to Hide except Me and My Monkey” on 
The White Album, and you will see what I mean by the words “come on.”  
Some of their lyrics mean exactly what they say, and some have hidden 
meanings like all religious material. Sometimes you have to listen to them 
repeated ly until you get it. I hear something different every time I listen to them.  
The album names have dual meanings and spiritual connotations: 
Revolver, Rubber Soul, Hard Days Night, Magical Mystery Tour, Let It Be, 
Abbey Road, etc.  
They did not write the songs with those intentions. The Beatles say they 
were just writing a love song to a girl; at least that has been their cover  story.  
I believe they did not know the spiritual content of their songs until after they 
were written; that they came out of the air just as they say. They came from  
the collective unconscious or Holy Spirit if you prefer, not their own minds.  
That is how the Holy spirit/collective unconscious communicates. You usually do 
not know it at first, but you usually get it before anyone else, but not always.  
Example: Paul says the song “Martha My Dear” was written for his sheep 
dog Martha. John said “Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds” was inspired by a 
drawing his kid made. “Dear Prudence” was to try to get Mia Farrow’s 
sister to stop meditating and come outside when they were in  India.  
Though it may not have been intended, there are obviously other 
meanings we get from those and most of their other songs.  
They did not know the truth: It is true that they do not know what their 
songs mean; no one could know until now, not even them.  
There are things in Beatles songs that go more for a feeling than a thought 
or message. Remember, things that come from the col lective unconscious 
can get garbled by our minds, so you have to interpret it. This makes it 
possible for things such as poetry and songs to mean different things to 
different people.  
The early songs are more direct and from and to the heart (no mind); the y 
get more cerebral in their later songs. Try listening to them from this new 
spiritual perspective, and you will see what I mean. A good way to do it is 
start with their later songs (so you know they are spiritual), and work 
backwards to their first songs . Listening to their music backwards does 
show you what they are saying, but not single songs backwards.  
 
82  Globaltruthproject.com   Most people think the later songs are more spiritual than the early songs; the 
opposite is true. It is the early ones that have the most spiritual content, but 
you have to know it to hear it, and the later songs make their intent  clear.  
Their most spiritual albums where their first ones.  
One of their first albums, “With the Beatles” 1963, is the most spiritual to me. 
If you think the later ones were the most spiritual, listen to this first one.  
The song “Not a Second Time” makes a lot of sense now. The song, “I 
Want to Be Your Man” is literally saying “I want to be your mind.” It is the 
Holy S pirit talking.  
Their music went from; “Please Please Me” and “Do You Want to Know a 
Secret” to “I am the Walrus” and “A Day in the Life”. Anyone that has ever  
been in a band will tell you that what they did was impossible. The band that 
gave us “I Want to  Hold Your Hand” could not have been the same band that 
gave us the song “In My Life”, and it wasn’t; they changed  completely.  
Changelings: They were changelings; it is a characteristic of many 
prophets. Every time you look at them, you see a different per son, 
because a spiritual person changes as the present changes. They reflect 
the present as it changes. You change (reflect life) as the life around you 
changes, and it is changing all the time. Listen to the songs above or any 
early and later song back to back, and you will see what I mean. They are 
a completely different band. They looked and sounded different. I like to 
listen to the “Sgt. Pepper's” album and the, “With the Beatles” album back 
to back. It is a powerful and enlightening  experience.  
A lot of bands and performers made the girls scream and go crazy. The 
Beatles did that too, plus they did a lot of things that were different than any 
other musicians or pop stars. Their music channels the truth and the life. 
Magic: They wrote forty -eight songs during the few weeks they stayed in 
India; who else could do that? Many of those songs are on The White 
album. Their music speeds up and slows down; you cannot dance to most 
of it. They use obscure instruments  and odd sounds. They did some 
strange and different stuff.  
They would create great songs faster than anyone else has. Example: John 
Lennon got the idea for the song “Instant Karma”, rented a piano,  and 
recorded it all in one day. Most people have to work on a song for a long time 
before they get it right, and it is rarely a hit. The Beatles did it all the time.  
 
 
83  Globaltruthproject.com   The song Instant Karma says most of what this book says in one song.  
 
When real music comes to me – the music of the spheres, the music that 
surpasses understanding - that has nothing to do with me, because I'm just 
the channel. The only joy for me is for it to be given to me, and to transcribe it 
like a medium... those moments are what I live for. John  Lennon  
George Martin, their producer, said the Beatles created songs much faster 
than any of the other bands he worked with before or since. He said the 
songs and albums seemed to grow by themselves.  
I am not trying to say they did not work as hard as anyone else did, they did, 
but I am trying to show how they were more inspired than any other group of 
people. All a prophet is, is a person or group of people that can connect with 
something beyond their own minds for a period of time, and channel or bring 
into the world something from beyond it that reveals the divine truth and life. 
Their songs changed and they changed in a very short period of time. As  
their relationship with each other got worse, their music got better. After  
the Beatles broke up, two of them brought their wives (not musicians) into 
their new bands. Who else could or would do that? There was something 
behind them that could not be stopped, something that gave them a power 
to do things that no other band has done before or  after.  
Another thing that made them different from any other band was that they 
were all equal. You knew all of them equally. When they spoke in 
interviews together, they were like one person. One would talk, but it did 
not matter who it was; it came from them all. This is really different, and 
shows the spiritual factor that sets them  apart.  
Their solo stuff was also very spiritual. Example: From the John Lennon 
song “Yer Blues,” “My mother was of the sky, my father was of the earth, 
but I am of the universe, and you know what it’s worth.” That is as clear as 
it gets. The songs, “Gimme Some Truth,” “Mind Games,” “ Real Love,” and 
“Imagine” also tell you where he was at. 
 
You will not understand everything at first, so do not try to even think about 
it, and you will get a little more each time you listen. Just remember they 
are talking to you when you are listening to them.  
It makes sense; you are the one listening, and no one else is. If the 
song were for someone else, it would not make sense.  
 
84  Globaltruthproject.com   Everything that comes to you is just for you. It is the same with this 
book. It is just for you when you are reading it.  
 
Their incredible success is the most obviou s sign of how different they 
were. In the last forty years, some other people have broken their sales 
records, but if they had the competition the Beatles had and the Beatles 
themselves for competition, they would not have done as well. The truth is, 
no one has even come close to the success of the Beatles. They may  
have been the most successful people that ever lived, because they were 
successful prophets in their own lifetime.  
 
Love has never been so successful.  
 
We were all on this ship in the sixties, our generation, a ship going to 
discover the new world and the Beatl es were in the crow’s nest of 
that ship. John  Lennon  
 
The apple: The transition could not have happened in the sixties; the time 
was not right. We needed computers and the Internet. You would not be 
reading this book if it wasn’t for the Internet. The ultimate truth had  to 
come on the Internet for free, because books cost money and are not 
available to  everyone.  
 
You would not be learning the truth now if it were not on the Internet free.  
 
The apple is associated with every major step in mankind’s evolution. The 
apple in the Garden of Eden was the creation of mankind (mind kind), the 
apple falling from the tree is when Newton realized the laws of motion and 
gave birth to calculus. Then there is Apple Records, the Beatles’ record 
company, and Apple Computers, the start of widespread computer use. 
Another coincidence?  
 
People say the apple in the Garden of Eden and in  the Newton story never 
really happened, and it didn’t. It does not matter if it really happened or not, 
because most people think it did; why do they? Something put the apple at 
the major events in human evolution. If it did not really happen, it is even 
more magical and makes it an even greater sign of a divinity in our lives. 
The word “apple” means “evil” in Latin, and evil is live backwards.  
 
 
85  Globaltruthproject.com   Frozen in time: The time is right now, and the Beatles’ music is still here 
exactly like it was then. Actually, it has been remastered and is  even 
better. The Beatles have been frozen in time still young, waiting for us to 
evolve enough to hear what the music contains, just as other prophets and 
seers have been waiting on us to understand what they said and  meant.  
The song “Yesterday” did not even make sense until now. They first sang it 
at the peak of their success. Why would they be yearning for the past or 
yesterday at the peak of their success? It makes total sense if you list en to 
it now. A lot of their songs only make sense now. The Beatles are for now.  
The divine magic is in all good music to some degree more or less, 
because it comes from beyond the mind and exists only in the present.  
The Beatles are just by far the bigge st, most concentrated source of  it. 
I like the music before The Beatles showed up, because it was a simpler 
world, and the music reflected it.  
That is why I like early Beatles' songs like that first Beatles' song I heard, 
“From Me to You” (Beatles 62 -65). Some others are “I Should Have Known 
Better” (A Hard Day’s Night), “Thank You Girl” and “She’s a Woman” (Past 
Masters), “There’s a Place” (Please Pleas e Me), “Hold Me Tight” (With the 
Beatles), “Tell Me Why” and "I Feel Fine” (Beatles  62-65). 
The following are a few more Beatles' songs with words that mean two 
different things; see if you can hear the hidden  meanings:  
Hey Bulldog , Yellow Submarine 
Cry Baby Cry , The White Album 
Glass Onion , The White Album 
Lady Madonna , Beatles 1 
Across the Universe , Let It Be  
Fool on the Hill , Take 4, Anthology 2  
I’m Looking Through You , Rubber Soul  
Ask Me Why , Please, Please Me 
I’m Only Sleeping , Revolver 
Real Love , Anthology  2 
Sexy Sadie , The White Album  
You Won’t See Me , Rubber Soul 
Baby’s In Black , Beatles For Sale 
The Night Before , Help!  
Sgt. Pepper’s Lonely Hearts Club Band , Sgt. Peppers  
With a Little Help from My Friends , Sgt. Peppers  
 
 
86  Globaltruthproject.com   I do not listen to the Beatles’ music to just listen to music. Their music is in its 
own category. I listen to the Beatles for the same reasons I read the Bible and 
other religious books. The Beatles are a part of my religion, along with golf , 
surfing, romance, hotrods, classic cars, boats, eating and everything else.  
Their music helps keep me in the present and on the spiritual path. The 
Beatles are just another thing that makes my religion more enjoyable than 
most others.  
My religion is the present and everything in it.  
 
The last line , in their last song medley, in the last album the Beatles released, 
Abbey Road, says it all. Golden Slumbers , Carry That Weight , The End . It says, 
“And in the end the love you take, is equal to the love you mak e.” 
In other words, the more love you take from life or accept from life, the 
more you will be able to make or reflect back to people. It is the most 
important thing to do. People think it means, the more love you make, the 
more love you will take, but they have it backwards. You cannot make  
love; only God/life can make love. You can only let it in and reflect it back 
out. The more love you take, the more love you can make or reflect to 
other people. Remember, everything is  backwards.  
I have heard the actual last words in a song they recorded was, “One, two, 
three, four, five, six, seven, all good children go to heaven,” which is also true.  
It is now the time to start listening to the Beatles’ music with new 
ears. Not for entertainment;  this time listen just for its spiritual value.  
Even if you do not like their music, it is easier to listen to them than to read 
religious books. It is a painless way to get a shot of truth everyday. Listen 
to them to learn the truth, and you will be hearing them for the first time.  
Rock and roll: All rock and roll is made by young people for  young 
people. What the kids of today have to realize is they will not be listening  
to music for old people, their parent’s music. They will be listening to music 
by kids their  age. 
 
George was just fifteen when he joined the band ; they started out as a teenage 
band. They wrote the best songs as teenagers and broke up in their twenties.  
The Beatles’ music is made by young people for young people now and 
forever. It is more this generation’s music than it was ours, because this 
gene ration will understand it. We did not; we just thought we did.  
87  Globaltruthproject.com   The time is right for it now. Wake up kids; it is all for you now.  
 
The kids of today have to realize, all rock and roll is their music. They have their 
new music and all the rock and roll that came before, because it was all made by 
young people their age. It is one of the reasons kids today have it better  than any 
generation of kids that came before. They need to claim all their  music.  
 
It is no coincidence that many radio stations play a show called “Breakfast 
with The Beatles” on Sunday mornings. Subconsciously, most people 
know there is something spiritual about them. John and George may have 
died physically, but they are still with us in spiri t and truth and in song.  Let's 
not wait for the last two to die before we wake  up. 
 
Speaking on reincarnation in 1968, George Harrison said: "You go on 
being reincarnated until you reach the actual Truth."  
Everything is for now: As I said earlier, everything that happened in the past 
was just to help us find the truth and the life now. It is not just the Beatles’ 
music; it includes most great music. A good example is classical music.  
 
Growing up in the era of rock and roll, I have  never appreciated classical 
music. When I woke up, I was amazed that I suddenly liked some classical 
music as much as rock and roll. The best example is Beethoven’s Ninth 
symphony. It contains the spirit of conquest, so it has  been stolen and 
used by dictators and tyrants like Stalin and Hitler since it was written. It 
was perfect to inspire armies marching into battle, but Beethoven wrote it 
for the exact opposite  purpose.  
 
Most people think it is just instrumental and has no lyrics, but actually it 
was written for a poem by the German poet Friedrich von Schiller called 
“Ode to Joy.” It is about mankind becoming one brotherhood. It was before 
its time, because it was impossible for mankind to become one until now.  
 
The music do es inspire conquest, the conquest of the spirit. After you  
wake up, listen to it, and you will be astonished by how perfectly it 
embodies that conquest. Like Beatles' songs, you will be hearing it for the 
first time. You can find many versions on Youtube.  
 
 
 
 
88  Globaltruthproject.com   Listening to Beatles’ music is a good way to share the present and the 
ultimate truth with people, because everyone can relate to it on their own 
level.  
 
Don’t lie to children about Santa Claus; tell them the truth about the 
Beatles. Their true story is greater than any myth.  
 
In ancient Egypt, a beetle was the symbol for eternal life; another coincidence?  
 
“Living is easy with eyes closed, misunderstanding  all you see.”  
“Strawberry Fields Forever”  
 
All you need is love. Actually, all you need is the truth. You need the 
truth first. True love only comes after you know the truth of life.  
All you need is love, of the truth!  
 
They lay it all out in the songs above. God is love. Love is everything, but the 
only way to receive and know everything is to realize that you are nothing.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
89  Globaltruthproject.com   Chapter 7  
The Nature of Nothing  
The nature of nothing: If you take away everything that is physical 
(matter/energy), you are left with nothing (no thing). Nothing is completely 
empty space, absolute cold, silence and darkness. Nothing is infinite, 
eternal and indestructible. It does not move; it does not have to. It is 
already everywhere. The universe is more than 99.999% empty space, 
including our own  bodies.  
All physical things are made of atoms which are mostly empty space. 
If the nucleus was the size of a marble, the electrons would b e 
specks of dust a half mile away. Every physical thing has that much 
empty space in  it. 
If you removed all the empty space from human bodies leaving only 
electrons and the other subatomic particles, all seven billion human bodies 
would fit in the space of a sugar cube.  
True perspective: The way our solar system is shown in books does not 
give you a true perspective of it. It shows the sun and the other planets 
orbiting it in rings that are not to scale. They could not get it in a book if it 
was to scale. The actual scale is more like this; if the sun was the size of a 
basketball, the earth wou ld be about the size of a BB, and it would be 93 
feet away from it. Pluto, the outer most planet in our system, would be a 
grain of sand over a half mile away. The next star outside our solar system 
would be thousands of miles away.  
It takes light that tra vels about one -hundred and eighty -six thousand miles 
a second about 8 and a half minutes to go from the sun to our planet. It will 
go around the earth seven times in one second, but it takes four years to 
get to the next star outside our solar system, and 2.5 million years to get to 
the next  galaxy.  
This gives you a more true idea of how much empty space there is in our 
universe. Most of everything is nothing.  
What is faster, the speed of light or the speed of dark? Turn off the light 
and try to get into be d before it gets dark. I am just kidding, but I am trying 
to make a point. You cannot turn off “nothing” or do anything to it. It always 
stays the same, is always everywhere all the  time.  
90  Globaltruthproject.com   Nothing is really something.  
Einstein's general rel ativity equations show that space bends and prove 
that nothing is really something with substance. Supposedly, empty space 
is shaped, and it is the shape of space that creates the gravity that controls 
and creates the whole universe. It holds the planets i n orbit, makes the sun 
and other stars burn, and it is empty space, nothing.  
Value of general relativity: I always wondered what the practical benefit 
of general relativity was, and now I know. It proves that nothing is 
something, and in fact controls and creates the whole universe.  
Nothing causes everything to happen. It creates gravity, gravity creates 
planets and stars, stars concentrate and release all energy and matter. 
Thus everything physical comes from and is created by nothing. 0 = 2  
Our spirit is also like nothing. It is the so -called empty space between 
everyt hing. The majority of everything is  nothing, and it connects 
everything, everywhere.  
Our essential, immortal self or soul is like the blank sheet that physical life 
is written on, the darkness that gives light a place to shine, the silence that 
gives soun d a place to be heard, an infinite stadium that the game of life is 
played in. Nothing is more than something. It is the complete opposite of 
what people think. It is impossible to get your mind around; all you can do 
is know it is true and be  it. 
There are some things that are beyond the mind, literally. You can 
only know them or in this case be them, when the mind is open.  
You cannot experience nothing: You do not look inside yourself to find 
yourself as some eastern religions have been saying; th ere is nothing 
there. You cannot see or experience nothing; it is impossible. You can be 
like nothing, but not experience it. There is nothing to  experience.  
What does the experiencing cannot be experienced.  
Spiritual perspective: You do not look in; you d o the opposite, and you look 
out through your senses. When you experience everything, you are nothing at 
the same time. You have to be nothing to experience everything. If you are 
something, there is no room for everything. It is the spiritual perspective.  You 
are looking out from nothing to everything, from nowhere to everywhere, from 
stillness to movement, from darkness to light.  
 
91  Globaltruthproject.com   It is interesting that the word “nowhere” is also “now here.”  
The watcher/witness: The perspective of a spiri tual being is as if you are 
sitting in a dark movie theater watching life. If the theater was not dark, you 
could not see the movie. Your soul or spirit is in a dark, silent void that is 
open to life. You are the void and everything in it, nothing and ever ything at 
the same time.  
People, mankind are living as their false, mortal mind -self, and they should 
be living as their immortal spiritual self, the exact opposite of the way they 
are now. If you are completely open, life fills the void completely. All life 
comes to you; it is gi ven to you by life. You are just a receiver.  
You do not create life; all you can do is live it and reflect what you receive. 
Life moves around and through you. When you are completely open, 
nothing is completely displaced with everything.  
Unified field equation: The holy grail of physics, the science that is trying to 
explain everything mathematically is something called a unified field equation. 
It would explain in a mathematical equation why everything does what it does. 
They have not been able to do it, but they have not been considering the field 
or tried to add it to the equation. The field is what we call nothing.  
I would give it a new mathematical symbol. A good symbol and model for 
life in the universe would be an empty circle. The circle represents 
energy/positive, the space inside the circle represents nothing/negative.  
 
 
When the solution is simple, God is ans wering. Albert Einstein  
2 = 0 says it all: Two being the balancing opposites, one positive one 
negative; they cancel each other out, equal nothing and everything, 
represented by the new symbol. That is the unified field equation. It also 
goes the other way , 0 = 2.  
Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not one bit 
simpler. Albert Einstein  
 
92 
 Globaltruthproject.com   You can only understand the universe if you look at it from the perspective 
of life. It will never really be understood from the mind’s perspective, 
because it cannot perceive “nothing” for what it really is or understand 
anything infinite, which is the tr ue nature of everything.  
The spirit is more like darkness than light.  
People think that the spirit is like light. This is because light reveals what 
was hidden in the dark; it represents life, and dark represents death. The 
good guys wear white, and evil l ikes the dark. Darkness represents evil, 
and light represents good. It is a misunderstanding, a deception. The 
opposite is true; light is more like evil and dark is more like God or good. 
This is because the spirit is like darkness. Darkness is nothing, an d so is 
the spirit. Light is something, a form of energy; the spirit has no energy.  
I am not saying that light is evil; I am just saying as a metaphor for God, it 
is missing the mark. The spirit has more in common with darkness or 
nothing. The mind, like light, is a form of energy, and the mind creates the 
evil in our lives, so light should not be associated with spirit, except in the 
context of  enlightenment.  
Displace the spirit: The mind is a form of energy, and because it is, it will 
always d isplace the spirit, just as light will always displace darkness.  
Mind power: This is why you cannot live completely without the mind 
when there are any other active minds trying to communicate with you.  
The mind can always intrude on the spirit, but the s pirit can never intrude 
on the mind. The spirit is a void, and the mind will always try to fill it. 
You could say the mind is more powerful than the spirit, and you would be right, 
except that the spirit does not need power to do something. It is already 
everywhere and the biggest part of everything. So the spirit could be seen as the 
ultimate  power;  it is simply  what  is. It is automatically  wherever  energy  is not. The 
spirit  is the only thing  in the universe  that requires  no energy  to exist.  The mind  is 
aggressive; the spirit is passive. This is why you have to be by yourself or be 
around other people that know the truth to really be fulfilled. You will be much 
more aware than people that do not know the truth, but you will not be able to be 
completely open, completely fulfilled around active  minds.  
It is a drag, but the way it is and will be until everyone knows the truth. T his 
is why you have to learn to experience true life alone at first. You just have 
to start getting away from the mind, as much as you can, whenever you 
can. Eventually, you receive the input of other minds as you take in all 
other energy, and it is not so  bad, but it is not as good as the energy you 
get directly from life.  
 
93  Globaltruthproject.com   The significant problems we have cannot be solved at the same level 
of thinking with which we created them. Albert Einstein  
The new mind: A new and improved mind will be with you forever. It will 
start over with every death and birth, but it will grow in t he collective 
unconscious forever. The big difference is, it will be your servant, not your 
master. Your mind will become your trusted friend. It is a valued and 
necessary part of a divine life form.  
Everything is Mind  
 
A man looks at an open field and thi nks, "I could build a house there," and 
soon there is a house there. What starts as nothing, just a thought, 
becomes manifest as something. The mind of God just does it with 
everything that exists.  
The double slit experiment proves that the mind affects en ergy and 
matter. When the laser beam is observed, it changes from a wave to a 
particle, so the observer's mind is affecting energy and is connected 
invisibly to the particles.  
The difference between the way the animal mind (which includes the mind 
of mankind) and the spiritual mind manifests is the spiritual mind does it on 
the subatomic level, the level where matter and energy is created. The 
mind of mankind manifests on the level above the atomic level, the world 
we are conscious of, except i n the rare times like the double slit 
experiment when we become aware of quantum behavior or phenomena 
below the atomic  level.  
The spiritual mind could be called the mind of what religions call God.  
 
Everything comes from nothing. It comes from a thought. Man-made things 
come from the mind of man. Lower animals come from the low animal mind. 
Everything else in the universe comes from the mind of God (that which is). 
The mind exists, but not in the conventional way that mass and  energy  exist. 
It exists like shaped space exists. It exists, but does not exist. It is  like  
"nothing is something." It is at the edge of understanding, like  infinity.  
Mind of God = The collective will of all fully evolved life in the universe  
 
Not all thoughts, but certain kinds of thoughts create movement and make 
nothing into something.  
 
94  Globaltruthproject.com   I want to know God's thoughts, the rest are details. Albert Einstein  
 
E=MC2 is an example of God's thought. Atoms, the building blocks of all  
matter, are really just movement, energy moving so fast in a circle that it 
appears and functions as something solid. That is how movement 
becomes physical. If the movement inside an atom stopped, it would turn 
into nothing. If the atom is split, it relea ses the energy out in a straight line 
and manifests as a nuclear explosion.  
 
E=MC2 tells you how much force or energy is released from a given 
amount of mass or solid matter when the atoms  split. 
 
Everything is movement; thought creates everything in the physical universe. 
That does not mean any fantasy you have will come true, only that which is in  
accord with the mind of man or the spiritual mind. What manifests from the mind of 
man is temporary; the things of the spiritual mind can last  forever.  
 
It is time for the spiritual mind to start manifesting on earth.  
 
The thoughts of man can and do become manifest in physical reality. They 
are currently manifesting as everything the human race has built, and what 
the human race does, such as corporations, religions, science, etc. The 
man- made world reflects how man thinks. Most of it is not the same as 
what God thinks. Mankind, or the mind of human beings is in the process 
of evolving away from the animal mind and into the mind of God. Every 
man knows what he is and what he does.  
 
A man is but the product of his thoughts. What he thinks, he 
becomes. Mohandas Gandhi  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
95  Globaltruthproject.com   Now that the truth of life can be seen, that evolution will begin to 
accelerate. We are beginning to be able to see the difference between a 
creation of the animal mind and a creation of the mind of God. We are also 
starting to see that we need the mind of  God to create a heaven on earth.  
 
Divine program: This book is just spiritual thoughts, a divine program that 
is now being downloaded into your mind. It will change you and the rest of 
mankind into spiritual beings, and create a heaven on earth.  
 
It is important to simplify the way you see and know life, because it is the 
only way it can be known. It can be almost infinitely complicated,  and 
trying to understand it all is what mankind is trying to do. We have to go  
the other way and see and know it in the most simple way, because it is 
the only way we can know all that can be known. We can never know all 
the details; they are infinite and it is impossible, but we can know the 
simple big picture of life. That is what this book attempts to  do. 
 
Ever ything should be made as simple as possible, but not one bit 
simpler. Albert Einstein  
 
In this book I say do not think, clear your mind, because what is left is the 
mind of God, the mind of creation itself. If you allow the mind of God to 
become your mind,  heaven will manifest in your life after you die or when 
enough people in the animal world we are in now see the  truth.  
 
GOD = THAT WHICH IS = LIFE = THE  PRESENT  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
96  Globaltruthproject.com   Chapter 8  
Living and Dying  
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other 
plans. John Lennon  
Planning for the future: When most people are young adults, they put a 
lot of their effort into preparing for their future. The problem is, the future 
never really comes. After m iddle age, they may or may not have money, 
but they no longer have youth and the illusion of a dream future. People 
start to realize that their dreams are not going to come true, at least not  
like they dreamed them, or people did what they set out to do, and it was 
not what they thought and hoped it would be; it did not satisfy them for very 
long. They start reminiscing about the good old days that really were not 
that good. People go from fantasizing about the future to fantasizing about 
the past. They mi ss the present altogether. People live their whole life 
without really living at all. Their friends start to die and their health starts to 
go. They start to see that they are heading for sickness, old age and death.  
 
It starts to dawn on them that their life has passed them by, and they are 
heading for the abyss without a clue. Then they tell their kids to do the 
same thing they were taught, because they do not know what else to tell 
them. So it goes, passed down from one generation to the  next, the sins of 
the father passed down, the blind leading the blind as the Bible says. It is 
tragic and no longer necessary.  
 
Prime of life: We may live an average of about eighty years, but our prime 
of life is considerably shorter. For most men it is about ten years, for most 
women it is only about five years, because youth and physical beauty 
matter so much. All this effort is to prepare for a future that is sandwiched 
between youth and old age.  
 
Those few years are not that great, even for the people  that are lucky enough 
to succeed in their plans; even the one in a million that realizes their  
childhood dreams is disappointed. What is the point? Even for those few that 
their big dream comes  true, that become famous in sports or  show business, 
it only lasts a few years. People need to see the big picture, immortal  life. 
 
A spiritual being is in the prime of life all the time.  
 
97  Globaltruthproject.com   I am not saying that people should not prepare for the future. You have to do 
something with your life, and getting an education that will help others and help 
yourself is the thing to do. Working to help others and yourself is also the right 
way to spend your time. I am saying you can do those things and take care of 
yourself spiritually at the same time. Success and money will come and go, no 
matter what you do, but life is always with you, so it is what matters the most.  
If you take care of the present ( live in the present), the future will take care 
of itself, as the saying goes. Always give the present priority over the future 
or the past, and you will be on the right path. Living in the present does not 
mean you do not know the past and the future. You  have to know the true 
past and true future in order to know the truth and live in the present.  
Live every moment, like it is your last dance on earth. Carlos Castaneda  
 
Even though people are always thinking about the past and the future, they 
do not see it truly. The mind is preventing people from seeing the present, 
and it is also preventing people from seeing the true past and future.  
No one really looks past a hundred years. What happens then?  
 
Many people do not think past the next fifty or sixty year s or past death, 
because they think it is a long way off or that there is no hope; dead  
means dead, or they believe in a myth. They could not be more  wrong.  
When you know you are going to die and life is short, shouldn’t you 
prepare  for it? You need  a long -term  plan that goes  past  this life and death.  
Someone once said that “people live in quiet desperation.” The truth is, 
they live in ignorance. People are so busy playing mind games that they 
never see or even imagine that there is really another way, a way to a 
place that is better than any dream you ever  had. 
Short sighted: We needed to be semi short sighted in the past to get 
civilization to where it is, but we now have the luxury of looking at the big 
picture. People need to see that everything they are doing to make their 
life better ends at their death. You cannot take material things with you. 
People are blind when they don't see that they have to do something that 
can go with t hem when they die. The truth and life are the only things that 
will exist everywhere, so they will exist after death. Also, there has to be a 
larger mind than just the one that gets destroyed with your brain in death. 
You can keep what you learn and know on a spiritual, eternal level. 
Therefore, the truth and the life are the only things that make sense to 
develop, evolve and grow, because everything else is lost for  certain.  
 
98  Globaltruthproject.com   If the collective unconscious mind did not exist, you could not take  
anything with you when you die. I am saying if in this life you learn the truth 
of life and live in it, by helping to spread it with a hundred percent 
commitment, you become it. You become the truth and life. Thus, when 
you die, your spirit joins with other spirits like you that embody the truth of 
the life. The new realm you are born into is based on truth and life because 
it is a paradise, a  heaven.  
 
Ignorance is not bliss. It is the cause  of all misery.  
 
We have to know the truth in order to walk the path. The truth is the path. 
You have to be able to see the path, all of it, before you can go where you 
really want to go. Almost everyone is lost. Most people just do not know it, 
which make s them even more lost.  
 
The definition of being lost is not knowing where you are and not knowing 
where you are going. That makes just about everyone lost. Only the truth 
and the life can show you the way, because it is the way.  
 
The saddest thing is someo ne dying without ever living.  
 
Lie and die: People live their lives living a lie, and they then die in a lie.  
 
It is interesting that “lie” and “die” are so close to the same thing.  
 
Anyone that says they are ok with death is lying. No one can be ok with it, 
but that does not make people feel good, so no one can be honest about it. 
 
The problem is, it tells people it is ok to be dishonest even  when you are 
about to die, which it is not. Just before you die is the time to be most honest. 
Otherwise, you send the wrong message to people you care about.  
 
The reason it is the saddest thing to see someone dying without learning 
the truth is because it is now unnecessary. The truth can be known, and 
people know it subconsciously. It is right there, but they just cannot 
connect with it. 
 
If you do not know the truth, the worst thing to do is deceive yourself and 
others, because it removes any chance of you learning the truth.  
 
 
99  Globaltruthproject.com   Even when you know the truth, there is not much to feel good about. You 
can feel good that you are one of the first people on earth to die knowing 
the truth, and you can look forward to being reborn in a better place, but 
that is about it.  
 
If you are in g reat pain and have a hopeless, degenerative terminal disease, 
you may welcome death, but that only means that your disease is worse than 
death. It does not make death ok; death still sucks on many levels.  
 
Death sucks: Your death forces you to have to leave everything you have 
ever known. You are leaving everyone you love, and that is never okay.  
 
Even if you think death is not that bad, it makes your loved ones sad when 
you die; there is nothing ok about that. No matter  how you look at it, it is 
bad. Anyone who says they are ok with it has not really thought about it, is 
stupid, or is lying to themselves and everyone else. Death sucks, and that 
is the bottom line.  
 
If you learn the truth and the life, you can die knowing  you did the best that 
was possible for a human being. Having learned the truth and the life, you 
will be reborn in a new world where death will never be as bad as it is in 
this realm. It is a lot better than dying in ignorance or living a lie. You will 
know that death is necessary and what is going to happen next, but death 
will always be tragic in many ways, and it is never  okay.  
 
Physical life is short: If people realized just how fast their physical life is 
going to pass, they would be much more concerned with learning the 
ultimate truth while they have the chance. The truth is, we are all dying.  
 
Just ask any old person if life is short or long, ask if their life went by too fast.  
 
We all live in a house on fire, no fire department to call, no way out, 
just the upstairs window to look out of while the fire burns the house 
down with us trapped, locked in it. Tennessee Williams  
 
While we are postponing, life speeds by. 
Lucius Annaeus S eneca  
 
 
 
 
100  Globaltruthproject.com   End of the world: People are always talking and worrying about the world 
ending. We are destroying the environment, going to use weapons of mass 
destruction, etc. There are plagues and pandemics, asteroids from space, 
religious prophecy, etc. We are so busy worrying about the world that we 
are missing the fact that the world is going to end soon for us no matter 
what happens or what we do.  
 
The certain prospect of death should sweeten every life with a 
precious and fragrant drop of levity. Friedrich Nietzsche  
Birth is like being thrown out of an airplane without a parachute. It is 
just a matter of time before you hit the ground and lose everything.  
 
Just remember, death cannot be avoided for very long, even if you are 
careful. You have to be as ready as you can be to die, because it can 
happen anytime. Realize how unprepared you are; realize the reality of 
dying and what you will have to face, and it will be the start of a glorious 
quest for the truth and life.  
 
Death is not a pleasant subject. It is the worst thing that there is, and no one 
wants to talk about it or think about it, but it is going to happen to you and 
everyone else. It is true, and fa cing the truth of it is the only way to overcome it.  
 
Actually, you never die from your own perspective. The opposite happens.  
Everyone else dies/disappears.  
 
I hope I scared you. Be afraid; be very afraid. I hope you are as scared as much 
as you should be . You need to be scared enough to do something about it.  
Do not take this world for granted; it could disappear anytime, you 
can disappear anytime.  
Heart failure, strokes, blood clots, and accidents happen to young people, 
so do not think it cannot happen to you. Every time you eat, you could 
choke. Every time you get in a car, another driver can kill you, so do not be 
surprised when death comes to you. You could die today; about 150,000 
people will.  
 
Death is the most certain thing in life, and most people  are not ready for it.  
 
 
 
101  Globaltruthproject.com   Chapter 9  
Seeking and Knowing  
There are many popular movies about the unseen magic behind our lives.  
 
The movies American Beauty and Forrest Gump are about how life is on 
automatic and just happens. The bag and feather blowing in the wind are 
metaphors of how life is under the control of some unseen force. The 
Matrix is about hidden truth. The Fountainhead is about living for the truth, 
no matter what the cost. I doubt that these things were put in these and 
other movies just to convey the message I am pointing out. They were 
probably slipped in by the collective unconscious without the writer even 
knowing the message, or knowing how true it is. As you begin to become 
more aware, you start seeing these interesting subconscious signs. In The 
Wizard of Oz, Toto pulls the curtain back, and the truth is revealed.  
 
People like to watch lucky people in the movies. All  our heroes were really 
just very lucky people, in real life and the movies. George Washington may 
have been very brave and smart, but he was also very lucky. Bullets came 
so close to killing him that they made holes in his coat. If a bullet had been 
just a few inches to the right, history would be different, and someone else 
would be on the dollar bill. The truth is, good and bad luck, or the balance, 
controls everything. For every Washington, there are many patriots that 
were just as brave and smart, but not as lucky, so they died in obscurity. 
The real world is the real world.  
 
James Bond: We like watching Bond in action, because he is the luckiest 
person that ever lived. He gets out of one impossible situation after 
another and gets the girl, which does not happen in real life; it is a great 
fantasy. What really impresses us is not that they win or live, but that they 
are ready to die and lose, but don’t have to in the  movie.  
 
The main reason for myths is the truth did not look very good until now.  
 
That is why we have movies that show a world where everything ends 
well and people live happily ever after. The amazing thing is people 
can live happily ever after, if they learn the truth of life.  
 
 
102  Globaltruthproject.com   Life looked bad: In the real world, the world of truth you can check, it 
looked like you just live a difficult life and then you grow old and die in 
some horrible way. That’s why people have all these different beliefs. 
Anything, no matter how far -fetched, was better than what the real truth 
looked like. People would rather try and believe in the impossible than a 
truth they did not want to believe. I do not blame them; no one wants to 
believe life is pointless and  horrible.  
Drowning people will grab a talking snake (believ e in religious  myths).  
 
The most  wonderful  thing  is the truth  has turned  out to be the best  thing.  
 
Time for the truth: Now we know the truth, and it is not horrible the way 
people thought. In fact, it is better than anyone could have hoped for. It 
could not be more perfect or better, so it is time to forget the myths and 
embrace the truth.  
The truth is not: Today we can know what the truth is not. When you 
know what the truth is not, you have a chance to know what the truth  is. 
The real truth: The difference is as great as the difference between a real 
life and an imaginary life. You are really going to die, so if you are r eally 
going to live, you need to know the real truth. Literally, everything depends 
on the truth.  
Truth is what stands the test of  experience. 
Albert  Einstein  
The truth is still the truth after the movie is over. A movie can let you 
escape it for a few hours, but it comes back.  
Remember, 2 + 2 = 4: It does not equal anything else.  The truth is, there 
is only one real truth. Believing 2 + 2 = 5 or 6 or anything else does not 
make it true. There are an infinite amount of wrong answers, but only one 
real answer. The real truth has the power to make sense out of the world, 
and in doing, transform a man into a spiritual being. Nothing else does 
anything but  deceive.  
There is the story that is backed up by all the evidence and everything else. One 
story is like the 4 in 2 + 2 = 4. All other stories are like all the other numbers.  
There are a million differ ent stories, then there is the truth you can check.  
 
 
103  Globaltruthproject.com   Real hero story: There are good stories, great stories and even the 
greatest story ever told, then there is the real story. Real heroes are living 
the real story.  
I conjure you, my bre thren, to remain faithful to earth and do not 
believe those who speak unto you of super terrestrial hopes! 
Poisoners they are, whether they know it or not. Friedrich Nietzsche  
To know the truth is the best thing. To know that you do not know is 
the second best. To pretend to know when you do not know is a 
disease. Lao Tzu  
All you have to be is honest to learn the truth and live in true life, 
nothing more, nothing less.  
I like a good story as much as the next guy, but I do not like it when people 
try and say it is true without any evidence to support their claims. If it is  
backed up by the evidence, it is the truth. If it is not, it is just a story. It is 
that simple.  
When all the evidence says it is true and none says it is false, it is  true.  
 
To admit a belief merely because it is a custom - but that means to be 
dishonest, cowardly, lazy! And so could dishonesty, cowardice and 
laziness be the preconditions for morality? Friedrich Nietzsche  
It is a new day: Now that you can k now the truth, you have to 
acknowledge it and change accordingly, or you will be lost.  
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a 
miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle. Albert Einstein  
Life is the only miracl e: The fact that nothing happens out of the ordinary 
means the ordinary, or nature, can be understood. It does certain things 
and does not do others, and we can know what those things are.  
The most incomprehensible thing about the world is that it is at al l 
comprehensible. Albert Einstein  
Joy in looking and comprehending is nature’s most beautiful gift. 
Albert Einstein  
 
104  Globaltruthproject.com   Imagination: Imagination is a good and necessary thing when it comes to 
being creative, but not good when it comes to the truth. The imagination 
has been running wild and is responsible for all the myths about life and 
death. Millions of people are playing make believe. They believe or are 
trying to believe in a false imaginary world, a world that does not really  
exist except in their heads, in their imagination. It is a certain recipe for 
physical and spiritual  death.  
 
There is not enough love and goodness in the world for us to be 
permitted to give any of it away to imaginary things. Friedrich Nietzsche  
You can fool some of the people all the time and all of the people 
some of the time, but you cannot fool all of the people all of the time. 
Abraham Lincoln  
 
No problem can be solved from the same level of consciousness that 
created it. Albert Einstein  
"Repent" means to change your mind. Changing your mind means changing 
from a mind that controls your spirit to a mind that serves your spirit.  
We shall require a substantially new manner of thinking if mankind is 
to survive. Albert Einstein  
The more unbeli evable something is, the more fanatical the followers will 
be. It makes no sense, but it is part of human nature.  
Deception kills; only the truth saves.  
 
Deception kills, because it buries the spirit in deception. Only the truth can 
save us, and almost no one knows what it is. Most do not even want to know.  
The only reason people want to escape reality is they do not know 
what reality really is; they do not know that it is better than any  myth.  
The age of escapism has to end, or the human race will.  
 
 
 
 
105  Globaltruthproject.com   Living in an illusion will lead to our destruction. You have to know the true 
situation to deal with it. If you are trying to disarm an atomic bomb, you 
have to know how it works  to do it. If you just start moving wires around 
because you have faith it is the right thing to do, it will set the bomb off. If 
you believe poison is milk and drink it, it will kill you. It should be obvious, 
but the truth is, most people do not see how dangerous living blind is. The 
blind are leading the blind. In the past, illusions and misunderstandings 
caused most of our conflicts, but we  were not powerful enough to 
completely destroy ourselves. We are now.  
This is why, even though we do not want to face the truth, we have to. 
As John Lennon said, the dream is over. We will end it, or it will end us.  
The mind has not had to work very hard to deceive people; they will  
believe anything someone tells them, no matter how nonsensical. The 
more nonsensical, the more they believe. The problem is that the truth is 
just too normal for most so -called normal people to  believe.  
The p ublic will believe anything, so long as it is not founded on 
truth. Edith Sitwell  
Flat world: Just a few hundred years ago, people believed the world was 
flat, and even when there was good evidence that it was round, most 
people did not believe it or want to believe it. They did not want to admit 
they were wrong.  
The truth may set you free, but first, it will piss you off. 
Gloria Steinem  
Those that can accept the truth when they hear it and see it are going to  
be saved; those that do not or just want to stay in their popular and cozy 
comfort zone are going to be lost. That is fair. 
Gandhi said, “If you are a minority of one, the truth is still the truth.”  
Prophets are teachers, not leaders.  
True pr ophets set you free from leaders.  
Leaders/followers: The truth needs no leaders, just teachers. It is 
important to keep personalities out of it. Followers get dependent on 
spiritual leaders, the leaders get dependent on the followers, and the truth 
is lost. The truth is, people need to lead themselves. All the truth needs is 
the Internet and work to spread it. 
 
106  Globaltruthproject.com   You must take all the help you can get, and gi ve as much help as you can.  
 
This time, the truth is not dependent on a single leader. In the past, a 
lowlife could kill a prophet and stop the truth from getting out, but not now.  
This book is just the spark that will get people talking about the real 
truth. I am just a guy with a match that is trying to start a truth fire.  
The only thing we all have in common is that we play tricks in order to 
force ourselves to abandon the quest. The counter -measure is to persist 
in spite of all the barriers and disappointments. Carlos Castaneda  
The next best thing to knowing the ultimate truth is seeking it.  
 
A new revelation is the revealing to others a fundamental truth that has never 
been revea led before. This book is filled with new revelations of truth. I did not 
know any of the things that I have put in this book before they came to me. I just 
filled in the blanks as they appeared. It is a gift to me and now to you.  
Behind  your  thoughts  and feelings,  my brother,  there  stands  a mighty  ruler. 
An unknown sage - whose name is self. In your body he dwells. There is 
more  reason  in your  body  than  in your  best  wisdom.  Friedrich  Nietzsche  
The key is to not think much. As John Lennon said, you need a blank  
sheet of paper before you can put anything new on it. You have to get the 
bats out of the belfry, make room for daddy, make room for something new 
to come to  you. 
You have to have the desire to receive the truth for it t o come, but thinking 
about it does not make it happen. It is when you stop thinking that it comes.  
When a revelation is true, it makes sense and fits into a pattern, which has 
continuity.  It is also true for everyone,  all the time;  that is how you know  it is true. 
The revelations are just passing through me and this book to reach  you. 
 
They are for you as much as they were for me. If you are ready to receive 
them, you will understand what I am saying. If not, you will think I am crazy.  
It is interesting that most of the word “know” is “now.”  
People think life is very complicated. The tru th is, it is very simple.  
 
 
107  Globaltruthproject.com   Chapter 10  
Balanced Universe  
People think they are in control of their life; the opposite is true.  
Karma: Most people think that what you do will have an effect on your 
future life, even after death; what you d o will come back to you, etc. It is 
not true. Doing something, bad or good, to or for someone will not create 
the good and bad in your future life. It is balanced; it just happens no 
matter what you do. The balance makes everyone’s life fair, just, equal a nd 
perfect, but it is not influenced by any actions you take, good or bad. You 
are never a victim of anyone. Everything that happens is always life 
creating balance. Your only choice is to see it for what it is, or not see  it. 
There is occasions and causes  why and wherefore in  all 
things. William  Shakespeare  
Fate vs. freewill: Physically, you are a group of over sixty trillion living 
cells that do what they do by themselves. Every second, there are trillions 
of things happening inside our bodies that keep us from dropping dead, 
and we have no control over it. Blood is being pumped. Cells are being 
created. Hormones are distributed. A trillion things out of our cont rol have 
to happen just for us to digest food, and we are not even aware that it is 
happening right  now. 
People are aware of the fact that they are not in control of the inner 
workings of their bodies, but most people are not aware of the fact that 
they do not control what is going on outside of them either. Most people 
believe they are in control, and the exact opposite is the truth.  
The dance of life: Life leads, and  we follow in the dance of life. In other words, 
the outer environment does something, and our inner environment (mind) reacts 
to it. We are under the absolute control of our environments.  
You get hungry you eat, need money you work, the phone rings you an swer it, 
get cold you put on a coat, get hot you take it off, and if you have an itch, you 
scratch it. Then there is larger environmental control; where and when you are 
born, if you are rich or poor, educated, talent, health, looks, sex and race, etc.  
Check it: The easiest way to check if we are in control or not is to just look f or 
someone that does not die like everyone else. No one beats death, not even the 
faith healers, and no one wants to die. The fact that everyone dies and in less 
than a hundred a nd fifty years tells you with no doubt that we are not in control.  
 
108  Globaltruthproject.com   People think free will is a gift; the opposite is true. The gift is that you do 
not have to be in control. Only when you know with absolute certainty that 
life will be ab solutely fair (balanced) can you really relax and enjoy the ride.  
Free will or control is an illusion, a deception created by the mind. It is the 
second greatest deception after the deception that you are your mind. When 
you wake up to the truth, the first  thing you realize is you are not in control.  
You see that the creator and the creation are together in the present.  
People want to believe in an all-powerful God, but they also want to 
believe that they are in control or have a free will. It is another mind game. 
Life is in control of everything all the time, no matter what you  think.  
It is easy to believe you are in control. After all, you do whatever you want. 
The truth is, you want to do something because something in your 
environment gives you a reason to do it, even if it is your mind.  
The environment is everything that isn’t me. 
Albert Einstein  
 
In other words, everything outside your spiritual self, including your mind,  
is your environment. Your mind was and is created by your genetics and 
your environment, past and present. Your mind is part of your  
environment, just as your body is, and it is controlled by the larger 
environment directly and  indirectly.  
You can say lower animals are also in control of what they do and do not 
do. A bear or wolf can decide what to do from moment to moment, but it is 
just reacting to what is happe ning around it. You do the things you do for 
the same reason a bear or any other animal does what they do.  
Humans do the same thing as all other animals, but just in a little less direct 
way. Our minds give us a greater awareness of the past and future tha n lower 
animals. Thus, we take what we have learned in the past and where we want 
to go in the future into account when we react to the environment, so we react 
a little less directly than lower animals when we can.  
Everything is determined, the beginning as well as the end, by forces 
over which we have no control. It is determined for insects as well as 
for the stars. Human beings, vegetables or cosmic dust; we all dance 
to a mysterious tune, intoned in the distance. Albert Einstein  
 
109  Globaltruthproject.com   As I said earlier, the first big world -changing realization will be when 
science realizes that evolution being true means we evolved from all lower 
animals, that we were those animals, that we were dinosaurs, bugs, etc.  
The second big realization: Science will  realize that Isaac Newton's laws of 
motion mean that the laws that govern all matter include us, because our 
bodies are matter. We are not in control; free will is an illusion, a delusion. It is 
"action -reaction" that causes the motion of all things in the universe, including 
us. There can be no matter in the universe that is exempt from these 
fundamental laws of nature. His book Principia Mathematica explains the laws 
of motion, and they have proven to be true. That book is the foundation of 
modern physics. Our bodies are governed by those same laws, because our 
bodies are matter in the universe. True or false?  
Take a closer look at the things you do, and you will see the truth. There is 
always a reason preceding your every action. From the mind’s perspective, 
the world is a huge maze. You have choices, but a limited number of them. 
You always choose what you thi nk is the best one. None of the choices 
would make any real difference until now. Everyone is playing monkey see 
monkey do and blindly going around in circles, big and small.  
Life is what happens while you are busy making other plans. 
John Lennon  
The carro t and the stick: People do everything they do to avoid pain and 
feel pleasure. You walk a path between these forces. It may look like some 
people are doing something for another reason, but it is an 
illusion/delusion. Example: Self - sacrificing behavior is only done if  it 
makes the person doing it feel good to do it. To some people, it feels good 
to help others, or it feels good to do what you think is the right thing to do. 
You do everything you do for self -preservation and self -gratification directly 
or indirectly. Every move you make is ultimately for yourself, no matter 
what you may think or how it appears to  others.  
The things you do may not always make you happy, but you always think they 
are going to eventually, one -way or another, or you would not  do  them. 
Mother Teresa helped the poor, because it made her feel good to do it and/or 
for the reward she thought she would get in the afterlife (feel good  later).  
When you see the truth, helping others is the best way to help yourself.  
 
We put ourselves in other people's shoes, and do the thing we would want done if 
we really were them, thus we are helping ourselves in two ways. We also will help 
others, because we know it is indirectly helping ourselves. We know we have to help 
others for the human race to survive. A spiritual being naturally helps  others.  
 
110  Globaltruthproject.com   The power of pain: We avoid pain and seek pleasure, and it does not  
take much of it to control us completely. Most people can and do accept a 
certain amount of pain in order to get more pleasure in the future in one 
way or anot her. They go to work in order to have pleasure later, etc. 
Therefore, you could say that we are not under the direct control of pain 
and pleasure, and you would be  right.  
People can and do intentionally take some pain and avoid some pleasure, 
but they still do it to avoid pain or get more pleasure at a later date. 
Mankind does this a lot; lower animals are controlled much more directly 
by the environment. The way mankind de als with the control of pain and 
pleasure is just less direct and harder to see, but the truth is, it boils down 
to the same thing; the environment controls us. The best and the worst 
have happened to us in the past and will happen to us again if we do not 
leave the animal realm while we can. 
Most important thing: What goes around comes around, and this is why we 
have to get out of a world where extreme pain exists and the bad guy has all 
the advantages. We can only do it now, so nothing is more important.  
Knowledge of the past will motivate everyone to leave the an imal realm.  
 
The animal path: We all walk a path away from pain, discomfort and fear, 
and toward pleasure and perceived security. You will continue to follow this 
path even after you know the ultimate truth. Life uses these forces to guide 
us home. The min d uses these forces to keep us going in a circle. If you 
know the ultimate truth, you are going to heaven. If you do not, you are 
going in a circle; you are in a brutal holding pattern until you learn the truth.  
Man/animal: People do what they do for the s ame reasons all other 
animals do what they do. Why does your dog or cat do what they do? 
Mankind is not any different. We go after what we want and move away 
from what we do not want. We try to adapt, survive and thrive in our 
environment like all animal l ife. The only difference is mankind thinks it is in 
control and is not as fulfilled as other animals.  
All animals are the same; the only difference is mankind can know the truth.  
 
It is as important to know what you can't know as it is to know what you 
know about the big picture of life, because you'll waste time trying to know 
something impossible to know, that does not even matter, instead of living 
in what you can know.  
There are things we can understand with our minds and things we cannot.  
 
111  Globaltruthproject.com   Infinity: Some things are beyond the mind, thus beyond understanding. 
The mind has to realize it has limitations. All infinite and never -ending 
things are beyond the mind, and the essence of everything is infinite and 
never -ending. For example, we cannot comprehend that the universe goes 
out forever, but we can understand that it has to. It is impossible for the 
universe to stop going out. Something has to keep going out, even if it is  
just empty space. This tells us infinity exists. We can understand infinity 
exists without understanding infinity. Outer space is the easiest place to 
see infinity, but it is actually the nature of everything in one way or another.  
Inner space: There is no end to inner space either. The truth is, there has to 
be an infinite number of universes inside every atom in our body. If you take a 
piece of cheese and cut it in half, and cut the half in half and keep going, you 
could cut forever, and you will never run out of something to cut. 
You cannot make nothing out of something; it is impossible. Energy cannot 
be created or destroyed, and all matter is a form of energy. If you could 
make nothing out of something, you would be destroying energy, which is 
not possible. This is how you can use deductive logic to know something 
that could not be known any other way. Nothing is lost; it is just changed 
into another form, moving in a circle or cycle.  
Fractals: You can see infinity with what are called fractals, see the 
Mandelbrot Set ( www.youtube.com/watch?v=YJxTZo23HS4).  A simple  
formula or pattern can repeat itself an infinite amount of times without ever 
resulting in the same thing or outcome.  
Most things will be very close to the same, but never exactly the same. 
That is how life works. The same simple thing is done over and ov er again 
(balancing opposites), and in doing, with the help of the collective 
unconscious, it creates the most complicated and diverse things in nature, 
including us.  
Fractals are the way that we can understand how the physical universe 
moves in a perfect balance, but it is never the same. It is truly always new.  
The truth is, you would not want to be in control even if you had the 
option. When you learn the ultimate truth, you realize life outside the 
animal mind is perfect the way it is, and you would not change  anything.  
Life is not imperfect;  it is just people’s  awareness  of life that is imperfect.  
 
There is too much going on for the mind to control life even if it could.  
 
 
112  Globaltruthproject.com   Life does not need to change. It cannot change; it exists because it is 
perfect. For something to last forever, it has to be perfect.  
You are only truly free when you know for certain: You are not in control.  
The only thing that can change and needs to cha nge is people’s perception 
and level of awareness. People need to see the perfection of life. When they 
do, they become a reflection of perfection and become perfect themselves. 
The animal mind by its very existence makes your life imperfect and 
unfulfilli ng, then it becomes stronger trying to fix it. The stronger it  becomes, 
the less perfect life appears. It is the ultimate vicious  circle.  
You cannot control life, but you can change the way you see life.  
We need to see the truth and the life and just relax and flow with life, 
accept life, surrender to life, live the life we are being given as it is being 
given. It is impossible to live total ly alive all the time in this world, but the 
more of life we live, the more fulfilled we will be. We just have to turn off  
our minds when they are not needed, and we can. The truth is, we can live 
without it on most of the time. What could be more obvious , easier or 
smarter? The truth is just too simple and obvious for our minds to 
recognize it, and it does not want to see  it. 
The obvious is that which is never seen until someone expresses it 
simply. Kahlil Gibran  
Destiny: Not being in control does not mean our future is predestined. No 
one knows the future; the future cannot be known. Anything can happen. 
The only thing we can be certain of is that it will be a lot like it has been  
and be balanced.  
To be or not to be: That is the question. You do have a choice right now and 
in every moment of life, and that is to live or not to live, to live in the present or 
not live in the present, to be completely alive or not be completely  alive.  
The only choice that matters: It does not matter if you have a free will or not; 
when it comes to the physical world, it will be balanced no matter what you do. 
The only thing that matters is if you know the truth and the life and live in the 
present. You have that choice now, and it is the only choice that matters.  
It is no coincidence that you are reading this book now.  
New environment: The knowledge in this book has now become part of 
your environment and has changed you and your options. If  you 
underst and it completely, it will change you and the way you see your 
environment completely.  
 
113  Globaltruthproject.com   It is true you are not in control, but this book has changed the environment 
that controls you and given you some new options, the option to go to 
heaven. Your environment controls you. It does something, and your mind 
reacts to it. The knowledge in the book will change your mind, your inner 
environment, and guide you to the truth and life. Remember, I did not write 
this book; it came to me from the spirit and saved me also. Now it has  
been given to you. 
Mind/brain: New knowledge actually changes you physically. Memories 
and other aspects of your mind are created and saved bio -chemically in 
your brain.  
Knowledge causes your brain to change, makin g you change physically.  
 
As you read this book, the physical make -up of your brain is actually 
changing, thus your environment is changing. You are becoming a little 
different physically. Anything you learn changes your brain chemically a 
little bit. The more time you spend with something or the more impact 
something has on you, the more you are changed. Your brain is actually 
changing physically right now.  
Knowledge can physically change you into a new species, a new life form.  
 
Repetition: If something is repeated, it makes a bigger impression and 
changes your brain more, changes you more, your inner environment 
more. Thus, the more repetition, the better. That is why I repeat some 
things many times and say the same thing many different ways. TV 
advertisers repeat commercials for this reason. Hopefully, I repeated  
things enough to change you  enough.  
As a single footstep will not make a path on the earth, so a single 
thought will not make a pathway in the mind. To make a deep physical 
path, we walk again and again. To make a deep mental path, we must  
think over and over the kind of thoughts we wish to dominate our lives. 
Henry David  Thoreau  
The environment controls you, but your environment has now changed.  
Divine sense of humor: When you begin to see life truly, you feel like 
laughing all the time like some demented person (don’t do it, people will 
think you're crazy). People believe obvious myths are the actual truth, and 
these same people think they are i ntelligent beings. That is funny.  
 
 
114  Globaltruthproject.com   The beautiful people, the successful celebrities in this life will be the 
equivalent opposite in the next life. Those that have the best things in life 
will have the worst. Those that have the most plea sure in their current 
lifespan will have the most pain in their next. The most comfortable will be 
the most uncomfortable. The most powerful will be the most powerless. 
People will go from the best situation to the worst unless they learn the 
ultimate trut h before they die.  
That is bad news for those that are on top in this life, and great news for 
those on the bottom, but the truth is, it is not good for anyone.  
Going in an endless circle is not good for anyone.  
Many powerful and successful people go aroun d thinking they have what they 
have because they are better than unsuccessful people in some way. They take 
credit for their position in life. Pride comes before a fall, as the Bible says.  
What goes around comes around.  
 
The truth is, whatever people have, life gave them. Many rich and famous 
people take credit for their success and look down on the less fortunate, 
and they were and are going to be just like them very soon. That is funny.  
You get to be a beautiful, rich person by being the Elephant Man in 
another life. The Elephant Man was the ugliest man in the world in one life, 
so he was the best -looking person in another lifespan. Who is the best 
looking person alive now? That person could have been the Elephant Man 
or is going to look something like him in the near future. Someone was the 
Elephant Man; he lived. Going from Elvis or Tom Cruise to the Elephant 
Man is not a way to live. Looks, talent, power and personality traits go back 
and forth like ever ything else. Living in the truth of life is a better way. Rise 
above the opposites. If you do not, today’s winner is tomorrow’s loser. If 
you rise above the balance, it does not matter.  
The truth is, no one is special or different from anyone else. No  one  
is special, and everyone is special. Life has to be balanced to be  fair. 
Wake up, rich beautiful people. How could you even think that you 
deserve to have a better life than other people do? What have you done to 
deserve a better life than some poor, sick  person? You have not done 
anything, have you? If you do not wake up and change your ways, you will 
be a poor, sick person very soon.  
 
115  Globaltruthproject.com   People born with a debilitating physical disability or disease are in a cycle.  
 
That is how the balance  works; it is what makes life fair for everyone. It is 
what makes life perfect and gives you the ability to live without the mind.  
Joy in looking and comprehending is nature’s most beautiful  gift. 
Albert  Einstein  
The edge: You no longer have to wonder why some people are born poor 
with a crippling disease and others are born with health and wealth, why 
someone gets killed by a serial killer and someone else wins the lottery. They 
are just people living at the edge of the balance. You do not feel sorry for one 
and envy the other, because they will essentially switch places in their  next 
life to create balance. Everyone else does the same thing, only most people 
live closer to the middle of the balancing forces and have a normal life of ups 
and downs. The middle of everything is the best place to  be. 
Superman: Sometimes a life of big ups and downs happens in just one 
lifespan. There is no clearer place to see this than in the life of Christopher 
Reeve. He became a rich and famous movie star playing Superman. He went 
from there to a quadriplegic that could not even breathe on his own, in the 
seconds it took to fall from a horse. Very bad and very good things  can 
happen fast. The balancing force can change everything in a heartbeat.  
Once you know the truth and the life, you never have to ask “why” again.  
 
One in a million: Rich, powerful people have less fortunate people 
thinking that it is their fault that they are not as rich and powerful as they 
are. They will never acknowledge th at they were just lucky, because most 
of them do not know it; they really think they are better or smarter or work 
harder, etc. They believe the illusion, because they want to. The truth will 
be seen by poor people first, because they will want to see it more. 
Winning only lasts for a moment in time. The truth and the life is forever.  
 
Only  happens  to someone  else:  People  really  believe  this, and it is a deception 
created  by the mind.  What  goes  around  does  come  around  to everyone.  
The only way to really succeed is to learn and live in the  truth.  
 
Without the dream, there would be no occasion for the division of the 
world. Friedrich Nietzsche  
 
116  Globaltruthproject.com   True equality: Now you know the truth, so you know that no one is better or 
worse than you in any way. Life is always fair, and you will get your share.  
Once the rich and powerful know the truth, they will start sharing the 
wealth and be a lot more humble. They will if they do not want the opposite 
and if they want to be fulfilled now and forever. Being rich only lasts a few 
years, and it is not that great. The truth and the life lasts forever, and it is 
as good as it can get all the  time.  
Rich/poor cycle: You will go whe re you want to go, but only if it balances 
your life. You may have been rich and famous in your last life, and it is not 
your turn this time. If it is not your turn, it is not your turn.  
If you give your attention to trying to get rich, even if you succeed , you will 
just be getting into the rich -poor cycle. The higher you fly, the further you 
will fall. You get to play big shot for a few years, and then you die, come 
back and get to play bum for a few years. It just goes back and forth 
forever if you do not see the  truth.  
If you are tall, you are going to be small; if you are rich, you are going to be poor.  
You have been around this cycle many times, and we can do better now.  
It isn’t me: Without the truth, people look at someone that has a bad life 
and think, “It’s not me and it is not my problem.” With the truth, they know it 
is their problem. This insight will not let people off the hook anymore, and it 
will change the world.  
Merry -go-round: If you give your attention to the truth and life, that is what 
you will become. Get off of the merry -go-round of life. It is the only way you 
will become what you really want to be and stay that way forever.  
Shades of gray: The balance is mostly in sh ades of gray. Example: Beautiful 
people with money and other advantages can have a horrible life, and many 
poor people live great happy lives. Some  people are successful  financially, 
but are failures at love or have bad health, and vice versa. I use black and 
white analogies just to make a point. The way the balance actually happens is 
infinitely complicated, but the bottom line is, the balance will always balance 
everything evenly and fairly in one way or another.  
The center of life: You will find that you like everything just about equally 
when you become a spiritual being. It really does not matter what life 
dishes up; you eat it all with a deep gratitude. You like darkness as much 
as light, silence as much as sound, nothing as much as s omething. It is all 
life and you know you will get to taste everything sooner or later, so you 
always enjoy what is happening in the present no matter what it  is. 
 
117  Globaltruthproject.com   You do not like pain as much as pleasure, but you endure the pain and enjoy 
the pleasure in the knowledge that we will no longer have pain in our next life.  
You will endure pain until it passes with the knowledge it will lead to an 
equal amount of pleasure . This knowledge is what sets you free.  
Time you enjoy wasting was not wasted. John Lennon  
Waste time: There is an art to doing nothing. The mind tries to keep 
people running towards something or away from something. The hardest 
thing for most people to do is nothing.  
Fear of freedom: If there is no moral right or wrong, because everything 
balances, there is nothing stopping people from doing horrible things to each 
other. The thought is that everyone will just turn into a bunch of animals and 
tear each other apart the first chance they get. The opposite is true.  People 
that know the truth do not hurt others because they are no longer  animals; 
only animals will act like animals. People that know the truth of the balance  
will become spiritual beings and act like spiritual  beings.  
Consequences: The knowledge of the balance does not remove all the 
consequences of behavior. The opposite is true; now you are responsible.  
Criminals now think, “Look what my victim is going through, and they 
did not do anything to deserve it, so deserve must not have anything 
to do with bad things happening,” and they are correct.  
When you know the truth, you know if you act like an animal after you know  
the ultimate truth, you go to the bottom of the food chain. There is no greater 
consequence; thus, the truth is the best deterrent to bad animal  behavior.  
All the marbles: People think that if everything balances, it does not matter what 
you do. The truth is, everything you do matters, because you are playing for all the 
marbles. What you do will determine your immortal  future.  
If you want to evolve past the animal realm, to a realm where there is no fear, 
pain or death, you have to learn and spread the truth of life. You have to live 
as a spiritual being. If you live like an animal, you will continue to be one. 
Summing it up: Heaven is a real place. It is the place the highest forms of 
life live; it is the top of the evolutionary lad der. You get there by learning 
the ultimate truth and living in true life now. Hell is a real place. It is where 
the lowest life forms live, the bottom of the evolutionary ladder. You get 
there by learning the truth and not trying to live in true life. It is up to you; 
you have the ball (the  truth).  
 
118  Globaltruthproject.com   Chapter 11  
The Real Story  
Hereafter: If you want to know what happens after you die, just look  at 
your own life. This is the hereafter. This is what happens after you die. It is 
the hereafter of the life you lived before you were born.  
 
This is the hereafter!  
 
You are back from the last life you lived, and so is just about everyone else.  
The people living in this generation were alive in the previous generations.  
 
We are mankind, all of it. Everyone is back now to unveil the truth  and 
the life, to open our prese nts together.  
We are all back again: All of the people that have lived and died in the 
past have been reborn and have rejoined mankind. Almost every human 
being who has ever lived on earth is alive right now or will be reborn in this 
generation. You could be George Washington, Columbus or Adolf Hitler; 
someone has to be them. Their spirit is back along with everyone else that 
lived in the past and did not learn the truth. They are just in a different  
body and mind and are nothing like what they were in the ir previous 
lifespan. Everyone is back or will be soon. That homeless guy that asked 
you for some change could be George  Washington.  
 
No past life memory: We have no memories of past lives, because 
memories are biochemical parts of the brain, and our past memories died 
when our past physical mind/brain died. Everyone that did not learn the 
truth and the life in their last life, including us, are back or will be soon.  
 
We have to come back to this world until we learn the truth and become a 
spiritual being. Everyone that started the evolutionary cycle on earth will be 
here now to get their chance to finish the quest and leave the animal cycle.  
 
Ancestors: We do not have to blame or thank our ancestors for fighting  all 
the wars and doing all the work that has gotten civilization to where it is now, 
because we were our ancestors; we did it. We did it for us, and we did it for 
now. We have been all the heroes and scoundrels throughout history.  We 
built this civilization for one purpose: to become spirit ual beings.  
 
119  Globaltruthproject.com   Old ones: Mankind is the oldest life on earth. We are descended from the 
first animal life that evolved on earth. We are at the very top of the 
evolutionary cycle, because we have been evolving for the longest time. 
The people that see the truth and the life first w ere the very first animal life 
to evolve on this planet. We have been traveling together for a long time, 
have seen it all and suffered it all. As a result of our age, we will be the first 
to see the truth and spread the truth.  
The exponential progression:  The evolution of the human race is accelerating 
in an exponential, geometric progression. More will happen to our life on earth in 
the next few years than has happened to us in the last seven -hundred million.  
Snowball: We are in a progression that is now progressing geometrically. It 
took ten thousand generations for the human population to reach two billion 
people. In the last generation alone,  we added more than twice that number  
of people. Our average lifespan went from about thirty five to seventy eight 
(doubled) in the last few hundred years. Technology went from muskets to A - 
bombs in about the last hundred years. The speed of travel went from the 
horse to jet aircraft. World communication went from months to seconds.  
It is like a snowball rolling down a hill; it keeps rolling faster and getting bigger 
and bigger. Now that it is big and moving fast, it gathers more snow in a partial 
turn than it did from many revolutions in the past. This is why we can evolve 
more in the n ext few years than in the previous seven hundred million, but this 
can only happen if we face the truth and stop playing make believe. If we do not, 
we can undo all the gains of the last seven hundred million years even faster.  
It can go either way. It wil l go one way for those that learn the truth and the 
life, the other for those that learn it, but do not accept it.  
The human race will go where the majority of the population goes.  
What most people do not realize is that everything that makes up our  world 
just happened.  TV, cars, refrigerators, air  conditioning, indoor plumbing, 
toilets, washing machines, microwaves, computers, etc. have all  just 
appeared in the last few generations, most things in just the last  generation.  
Americans could legally o wn people as slaves one -hundred and fifty years 
ago. Women could not own property, sign a legal contract, or vote until the 
1920s, and women did not have equal rights under the law until the 1960s.  
Everyone is acting like life has always been like it is no w or that it has been this 
way for a long time; it hasn’t. It has all just happened, and it can all just end.  
There was nothing like the world we live in now in the past. We take everything 
for granted. It is a deception, the greatest and most dangerous de ception.  
120  Globaltruthproject.com   Everything in the past was just leading to now. This is what we have all 
been working, fighting and waiting for. This world is new and temporary. 
We have to wake up to this truth before we can go further.  
 
We need to wake up, or it ends.  
 
Book of life: If the less than two - hundred thousand year history of human 
beings (Homo sapiens) were in a two hundred page book, each page 
would represent a thousand years. For more than one -hundred and sixty 
pages (one -hundred and sixty thousand years), most of our histo ry, you 
would just read about wild animals doing what wild animals do. We did not 
do anything different than any other wild animal for more than three -fourths 
of the time we have been in these  bodies.  
 
Our brains were the same size they are now, and we loo ked exactly as we do 
now. The only difference is how we lived. We had no permanent shelter other 
than caves, and sticks and stones for weapons. We could not make a fire.  
 
We were food: Try to imagine you and your friends running around naked 
in a hot jungl e or grassland with only sticks and stones for protection. For 
most of our history on this planet, we were eaten alive by big cats, bears, 
big lizards, and even big birds. Birds like the Haast eagle had claws as big 
as a tiger’s, and were eating us for mor e than ninety percent of the book. 
We were like big, slow rabbits to them.  
 
Being eaten alive sounds horrible, because it is horrible, as bad as it gets.  
 
It was horrible to live on earth up until just recently. It was worse for us 
than any other animal, and it was the worst for our children. Most of them 
did not grow  up. 
 
Caves: The strongest people lived in cold, dark, dirty and insect filled 
caves. If you were the biggest and strongest, you were lucky, because you 
could take and k eep the best places to live. Caves gave you a little 
protection from the animals that tried to eat you, but you constantly had to 
fight other humans for the cave. Only the biggest, strongest, and healthiest 
humans lived in them. Most people lived outdoors in small groups. Most 
people were out in the open, and when it got dark, you did not sleep well. 
Most of the real life monsters that ate us alive snuck up in the dark when 
you tried to sleep. We were defenseless until recently.  
 
 
121  Globaltruthproject.com   Tonight when you are lying in bed in the dark, imagine you are laying on the 
ground in pitch darkness, with no walls and doors, and thousands of insects 
and other strange creatures are out in the dark making loud noises. Imagine 
there are predators many times your size, with large fangs and  claws,  that 
can see in the dark and smell where you are sleeping. You were  there.  
 
Beasts like the saber tooth tiger lived in the same places we lived up until about 
ten thousand years ago, and they were just one of many creatures that would kill 
and eat us alive. Remember, this is the way it was for 90% of our history.  
 
Fire: We could n ot make a fire up until about forty thousand years ago. 
That means for about one -hundred and sixty thousand years, we had to go 
to sleep without a fire burning. For most of the time we lived on earth, we 
feared the night.  
 
Not too long ago, seeing a rabbit  running around would have made you 
hungry. You would try and kill it and eat it raw. We did not get rabbit very 
often; they were hard to catch. We would eat whatever we could catch or 
find, mostly insects and lizards, along with berries, roots, etc.  
 
For at least one -hundred and sixty pages of the two hundred page book 
(160,000 years), we could not make a fire, and we ate other animals raw.  
 
You lived like that for a lot longer than you have been in a warm, safe 
house with food in the fridge. The truth  is hard to believe, but it is the truth 
that sets you free.  
 
The last paragraph: Only on the last half of the last page in the book of 
our history would you read about a world with books. We did not really 
communicate with each other before the printing p ress. The truth is, just 
about everything happened in the last one percent of the time we 
have been human  beings.  
 
Smelled bad: Most people went years between baths up until  just 
recently. When George Washington lived, everyone smelled bad. Almost 
no one took a bath in the winter. Before indoor plumbing, taking a bath was 
very difficult, so people did not do it very often. We did not have garbage 
pick up until 1895. Life stunk, literally, until t his last generation, and it still 
does in most of the  world.  
 
122  Globaltruthproject.com   Last sentence: Almost everything that comprises the world we live in now 
happened in the last sentence of the last page of the two hundred page 
book of our history as human bei ngs on earth.  
Are you starting to get the true picture?  
 
Human beings lived in an unbelievably brutal, savage world for at least 
ninety -nine percent of the time we have been on earth. We have only just 
recently enjoyed living in a semi -safe, clean, semi -civilized, and 
understandable world.  
Bad guy wins: In our p ast, the better killer you were, the more successful 
you would be. It is a fixed game where the bad guy wins. This is why we 
need to get out of the animal realm while we can. The animal world is just 
kill and be killed.  
The bad guy is usually the aggressor  and the aggressor has the advantage.  
 
We have to do the exact opposite of what we did in the past to be 
successful. We have to completely change a mind that has been evolving 
for millions of years in a short period of time to be successful now. We 
have to see and spread the truth.  
Being eaten alive is the worst way to go and is the fate of most animal life.  
 
It is what happened to us millions of times. It is the u ltimate incentive to 
become a spiritual being and leave the animal realm.  
When we needed to eat or mate, it made us the most vulnerable to attack 
by other predators. It is one of the worst features of the natural animal 
world, that just when you think some thing great is going to happen, the 
worst does instead.  
We are eating and mating now like never before, and we think something 
good  is going  to happen.  This  makes  it the most  dangerous  time  in history.  
The animal realm forces us to endure the absolute wors t things to motivate us to 
become the absolute best things. It had to be the worst for us to be the best.  
Not working now: Nature has been trying to force us to evolve into spiritual 
beings. It took a long time, but worked in the past. It is not working now,  because 
the forces of deception have removed the motivation to take the last step.  
 
123  Globaltruthproject.com   Rollercoaster: The pain of the past was balanced, but th at does not make 
it good. When you won a battle or fight to the death or were successful 
killing an animal during a hunt, it was extremely pleasurable, because it 
meant survival. This is why men still feel good when we kill something. You 
were much more aw are of the present, so life was much more fulfilling than 
it is now, but that does not make it okay. Living on a rollercoaster of 
extreme ups and downs prevents you from ever learning the truth and the 
life. Only at the rare times you get off the rollercoa ster of animal life do you 
have a chance to see the truth and the life and have the ability to evolve 
past the animal realm. We know it has not happened for at least seven - 
hundred million years. We were kept busy just surviving until now.  
Center of the storm: Human beings are now  like the eye of  the hurricane, 
the cyclone of animal life. It  is  only while in the calm, at the center of life, that 
it is possible to see the ultimate truth and transcend the animal realm  forever.  
Taking for granted: We are t aking the way we live now for granted and 
acting like our past did not happen and assuming it can never happen 
again. We have created myths of the past, so we can project an equally 
false myth of the future. Thus, if we forget or ignore the true past, this  will 
literally cause us to lose in the biggest possible way. To come all this way 
and then stumble on the last step is the worst possible thing that can 
happen, period. It is the ultimate fall.  
For millions of years, our life was a daily struggle just to survive the day and then 
the night. We were hungry and afraid for millions of years. Things like murder, 
rape, and cannibalism were standard behavior and happened to everyone.  
It was more horrible than anyone can imagine or describ e in words, yet 
when we finally get in a good situation for a brief period, we spend our time 
trying to get more rich, be winners, and have as much sex as possible.  
Are we really intelligent beings? We are not acting very intelligently.  
Cockroaches have sex over two hundred times a day. Cockroaches can do what 
most people are trying to do now better. Trying to do what a cockroach can do 
better  will make  it happen.  If you want  to be like a cockroach,  you will be one.  
We are the exception: Cockroaches have been on earth  unchanged  for 
more than three -hundred million years, and there have always been a lot  
more of them than us. We are the exception to the rule of animal life; they 
are the rule. Just look what is going on in the animal world  around  you. 
 
124  Globaltruthproject.com   The ultimate tragedy: We now have the opportunity to change our nature 
and escape the animal realm forever, but instead of taking advantage of it, 
we are taking our situation for granted and trying to live with our eyes 
closed to the truth.  
When the truth is realized, people will stop worrying if parts of their bodies 
are too big or too small or if they are cool, popular, winners or losers, etc.  
Fool's paradise: We are missing our only opportunity to escape the 
animal realm. Millions of people are burying their heads in the sand and 
hoping some myths will save them. We are busy playing mind games and 
missing an opportunity that comes once every seven -hundred million 
years. For what? We are not happy living the  lie. 
All we have to do is acknowledge the truth, but we are doing the opposite 
and trying to live in a lie. Could anything be more stupid or tragic?  
Einstein said there are two infinite things: the universe and man’s stupidity.  
 
It was forgivable in the past when we could not know the truth for certain, but 
now that we can know it for certain, it is unforgivable. You will lose everything.  
The price of heaven: We have spent at least the last seven -hundred million 
years paying the price to get to heaven. We have almost paid it; we just have 
to go the distance. Unfortunately, it is also the time we are most asleep.  
What was it all for? Why did we have to struggle and suffer for so  long?  
 
Ultimate awareness: It was all to cause us to evolve. The fear of being 
eaten causes a life form to evolve better senses in order to avoid predators 
and find prey. It caused us to become more aware of our environment, 
more aware of  life. 
Everything that happened was just to make us more aware of life.  
We evolved a big brain in order to be more aware of our environment, but  
it was an indirect awareness. It was a totally new way of seeing  life. 
All our senses before evolved to better know the environment directly. Our 
minds actually did the opposite; the mind blocks our direct awareness of 
the environment.  
 
 
125  Globaltruthproject.com   There are two types of truth: truth you know and the truth you experien ce. 
 
We need both direct and indirect awareness to have the ultimate 
awareness. Only when we do will we  have reached the top of the 
evolutionary ladder and achieved total awareness of our environment and 
life. Our minds gave us the ability to know “the truth.” The truth is indirect 
awareness of our environment.  
 
Our indirect awareness came at the expense of our direct awareness of our 
environment, awareness of “life.” We ju st have to put our direct and indirect 
awareness together to know the truth and life and take the final step in 
evolution. I am hammering on this, because everything forever rides on it.  
 
The truth and life = ultimate awareness.  
 
The last page: The last pa ge of the book of our history on earth is turning 
now. What is going to be written on the next page?  
Next page: If we wake up to the truth, it will be about a heaven on earth. If 
we stay asleep much longer, it will be about a hell on earth, a worse one 
than has ever existed before. It is the price of coming so far and then 
throwing it all away.  
 
Things will either become as good as they can possibly be, or the worst it 
can possibly be. That is how the balance works, and it is as certain as the 
sun will rise  and set. We can be as smart as we possibly can be, or as 
stupid as we can be.  
 
The sun rising and setting, day and night, shows us the nature of the universe, 
the nature of the balance. Nothing could be more obvious, yet almost no one can 
see the truth. The sun is about to set or rise on the human race.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
126  Globaltruthproject.com   Life after death: Why do people seem to care more about the future of the 
human race than their personal future? Why will people sacrifice their lives 
for the future of mankind? Soldiers sacrifice their lives for a better future; 
why do they do it? Why do salmon swim upstre am and give their life for 
their offspring? Why do most animals risk their lives to save their offspring? 
It is not just love.  
 
The most powerful instinct is “survival” or self-preservation, so why do we 
often put the survival and well being of our descend ants ahead of our  own? It 
is because we subconsciously know that we will be our own descendants. If 
you have children, you will most likely come back as your own grand children 
or great grand children. You may even inherit some of your own money. This  
is why kings always passed the crown to their own bloodline.  
 
If you do not have children, you will come back as the offspring of relatives 
with the closest DNA to the DNA you have now. Your spirit goes with what 
it knows, but there are many factors that c an change your trajectory, such 
as the balancing force, and the truth of life. This book reveals them clearly 
for the first time.  
 
When you wake up, everything is obvious and you know what is happening.  
 
The spiritual agenda: The collective unconscious, al ong with the survival of the 
fittest, caused evolution. It is behind all progress and the current population 
explosion. It has done what it had to do in order to get us all here now.  
The last ice age: The collective unconscious works with the natural 
environment to move the spiritual agenda ahead whenever it gets the 
opportunity. When the last ice age ended, it made its move, and so far, it 
has resulted in the world we are living in now. It has gotten u s to the very 
door of heaven, a perfect existence.  
 
The environment: The unusual long period of good weather in the last ten 
thousand years has made it possible for us to progress enough to give all 
mankind a shot at a heaven.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
127  Globaltruthproject.com   More  countries are getting nuclear and biological weapons. They will 
start being used if the truth is not seen soon.  
We have a choice: life or death.  
Even if we do not destroy the environment, nature will. The weather 
changes in natural cycles. Another big disaster is going to come soon, no 
matter what we do. If we become enlightened spiritual beings, we will 
survive most of what nature throws at us. If we do not, we will not survive 
even a minor worldwide change in the weather, because it will unleash the 
beast within mankind.  
 
All together now: For the first time, we are all together, and we have 
everything we need to make the transition as a group to spiritual beings 
and create a heaven on earth. For the first time, we also have  the means 
to destroy ourselves. It is no coincidence.  
 
We shall not cease from exploration; and the end of all our exploring 
will be to arrive where we started and know the place for the first 
time. T.S.  Eliot  
Life is a pilgrimage. The wise man does not rest by the roadside inns. 
He marches directly to the illimitable domain of eternal bliss, his 
ultimate destination. Oscar Wilde  
 
Wherever you are is wh ere it is at.  
 
The present is the ultimate gift; it is the gift of the truth and of life. The 
present is always the same (fulfilling) and always new and different, and it 
will last forever.  
 
You must live in the present, launch yourself on every wave, find 
your eternity in each moment. Henry David  Thoreau  
Do what nobody else can do for you. Omit to do anything else. 
Henry David Thoreau  
 
 
 
 
 
 
128  Globaltruthproject.com   Chapter 12  
Transition  
Remember, all you are doing is separating the real from the mind  made.  
Can you tell the difference  between  what  is mind  made  and what  is made  by life? 
You can, anyone  can, so it is not like your job is not  clear.  If it is anything  that the 
mind creates, worry, fear, anger, inferiority feelings, sadness or any mental 
suffering, it is not real. If you are sick, it is real. If you stub your toe, the pain is 
real, etc. If something  makes  you mad,  it is not real. Can you see the difference?  
If his spirit is distorted, he should simply fix it -----purge it, make it 
perfect, because there is no other task in your entire  lives,  which is 
more worthwhile. To seek the perfection of the warrior’s spirit is  the 
only task worthy of our temporariness, or manhood. Carlos  Castaneda  
You become a spiritual warrior, not a physical one. At first, the things you  
have read in this book will make you think more, but as it sinks in, you will  
think less and less. You will eventually manifest, The Present, in the present.  
A truly good book teaches me better than to read it. I must soon lay it 
down and commence living on its hint. What I began by reading, I 
must finish by acting. Henry David Thoreau  
Having the fewest wants, I am nearest  to the Gods. Socrates Instead 
of thinking what else you need, think of what else you can live  without.  
Complicated: You have to un -complicate your life to get into the truth and  
life. This does not mean your life cannot be complicated at work. Work is 
work, but you leave it at the office, and the rest of your life should be made 
simple.  
Complications are a friend to the mind; simplicity is a friend to the spirit.  
As you simplify y our life, the laws of the universe will be simpler. 
Solitude will not be solitude, poverty will not be poverty, nor 
weakness, weakness. Henry David Thoreau  
You should make your work life as simple as you can and make your personal 
life completely simple. S ome work will need to be complicated, so you  live 
with it for 8 hours a day, but you do not have to in your personal  life. 
 
 
129  Globaltruthproject.com   Any intelligent fool can make things bigger and more complex… It 
takes a touch of genius - and a lot of courage - to move in the 
opposite direction. Albert Einstein  
Just do a routine that starts in the morning with planting seeds of truth to 
others. You have to help the truth for the truth to help you. The rest will fol low. 
If your ultimate goal is to know the ultimate truth, you have to give (help 
spread it) to get it. You have to give to receive. You reap what you  sow.  
I teach you the overman. Man is something that shall be overcome. 
What have you done to overcome him? Friedrich Nietzsche  
Everyone will benefit by just trying to seek truth and live consciously. The 
more people that do it around you, the easier you will be  able to do it. 
There will be many false starts, and your moments of clarity will come and 
go during the transition period. Do not let it bother you; it is the way it 
happens. If you do what you have to, it will happen  eventually.  
Take your time: You do not want it to happen too fast, because your mind 
needs time to change itself, and that happens gradually, mostly when you 
sleep. You have waited millions of years and millions of lifetimes; a little 
while longer is no big deal. The transition time is important and necessary.  
Be nice to yourself. Never do anything that is bad for you, only things that 
are good for you, not just because you can live longer and better, but 
because it is the right thing to do. A person that knows the tru th always 
does the right thing. They try to stay on the spiritual path.  
Finish each day and be done with it. You have done what you could. Some 
blunders and absurdities no doubt crept in; forget them as soon as you 
can. Tomorrow is a new day; begin it well  and serenely and with too high a 
spirit to be encumbered with the old nonsense. Ralph Waldo  Emerson  
I have told you all I can tell you now. When you wake up, you will know the 
things I have not told you and you will know why I could not tell you  now.  
Now it is all up to you: You now know all you need to know. You just have to 
actively start living in the truth by helping us spread it.  
It is all about NOW, the present, simply because nothing else really 
exists. Everything we learn and do is to get into the NOW.  
 
 
130  Globaltruthproject.com   No Other Way 
This book reveals:  
That we are immortal. 
The true past and future.  
The truth is the opposite of what people think. 
That we have a choice between life and death. 
That mankind is living in a state of waking sleep.  
That we need to wake up from this sleep to see the truth. 
That everything is balanced and fair for every living  thing. 
That we are in the process of taking the last step in evolution.  
This book reveals many important things no one has ever heard 
before. True or false?  
Don’t believe me: I quote and reference Albert Einstein 31 times, Friedrich 
Nietzsche 18 times, He nry David Thoreau 9 times, The Beatles and many of 
the greatest prophets, philosophers, scientists, leaders, seers, poets and artists 
that have lived on this planet. If you cannot or will not believe them, just believe 
your own eyes. The truth is self -evident. CHECK IT FOR YOURSELF.  
We have tried everything else. Try the truth the evidence supports.  
Lie and die: When people realize that they are going to suffer and die along 
with their families in the very near future, they will no longer be motivated by 
riches, power, fame or any other influences that come from our animal minds.  
New world: Only the truth and the life will matter to you, because they are 
the only things that really exist and the only things that can save us. 
Everything else is just BS create d by the mind.  
To be or not to be; that is the question, the only question.  
Important: Start every day thinking you will die, because one day, 
you will be right. It makes you serious about finding the  truth.  
Ask yourself: Just ask yourself if you want to live a pointless, unfilled life of 
deception, or if you want to live a fulfilled, true life now and where it lasts forever.  
Eternal sanctuary: The present is where everything is, and if you are there 
and you know the truth , life is perfect at all times, and it will last forever.  
The present is for you. You just have to accept it.  
 
131  Globaltruthproject.com   “I went to the woods because I wished to live deliberately, to confront only the 
essential facts of life, and see if I could not  learn what it had to teach, and not, 
when I came to die, discover that I had not lived. I did not wish to live what was 
not life, living is so dear; nor did I wish to practice resignation, unless it was quite 
necessary. I wanted to live deep and suck out all the marrow of life, to live so 
sturdily and Spartan -like to put to rout all that wasn't life.” Henry David Thoreau  
The beast within is doing everything to try and get people to skip the truth and 
try to go directly to life, which is impossible. This is  the main problem. People 
want a short cut, a quick fix, and this trick of the mind keeps the human race in 
bondage. People try drugs, sex, power, money, fame, anything and everything 
except the truth, but people will never be free until they learn the ult imate truth.  
The difference between knowing and not knowing is checking. Nothing 
could be simpler. If you care enough about the truth to check what it is, you  
will know the truth of life. The sad truth is, most people do not care; they like 
playing animal  games. If you care, now is the time to prove  it. 
If everyone  looked  at the big picture  of life, we would  see the same  thing.  
This simple thing would unite human beings, and we would live in paradise.  
 
There is only one way. You have to know the full truth of life to know a full life.  
 
How can you enjoy life before you know how life works? No one can fully 
enjoy life until they know why things happen and where their life will lead. 
Learning the ultimate truth of life and death  is the true mission of mankind.  
Read The Present (with religion) , even if you do not like religion. It is a 
more complete version of this book. It includes religion and many other 
things. It is the long version of this book. You have to read it in order f or  
the truth to go subconscious. It helps change you into a spiritual  being.  
Chosen  one:  You may be wondering  why most  people  cannot  see the truth now, 
why no one even seems to care about the most important thing there is. It does 
not make sense. As it says on page one of The Present (with religion), the truth 
has been veiled, hidden from human consciousness by the collective 
unconscious. The time has to be right; technology, politics, and all other facets of 
society have to evolve to a certain point and be ready before the truth can be 
seen,  or it will cause  more  harm  than good.  As the Beatles song  "All You Need  is 
Love" says, "There's nothing you can see that isn't shown." The level of truth 
we can see now could not be seen before now, and even now, it can only be 
seen by a few people. Are you one of them? If so, you have been chosen to help 
reveal  the truth to the rest of the human  race.  It is a calling  you cannot  refuse.  
 
132  Globaltruthproject.com   Greatest family: We are working with the Beatles, Newton, Einstein, 
Tesla, Nietzsche, Thoreau, and all the other great prophets, seers, and 
scientists that have ever lived. They are our friends, our partners and our 
family, and we are theirs. This is your opportunity, your  invitation to join us.  
Working with us makes you a prophet, which is the next step in human 
evolution. Anyone who spreads unseen truth of life and death is a prophet.  
Even if the seeds of truth you plant do not grow in others, the seeds you plant 
will gro w within yourself; you reap what you sow. You cannot be certain of 
helping others, you can only try, but trying to help others helps you for certain. 
If you sow truth, you will reap truth. In other words, you get what you give. It is 
the best work you can do for this world, and for yourself.  
Teach to learn: You have to teach the truth you know to others to learn new truth. If 
you do not, you do not progress. People have it backwards and think they have to 
learn it completely themselves before teaching others. This is a mind trick to stop the 
truth from being revealed, because people who do not teach what they know will 
never know the ultimate truth themselves, and the truth will not spread.  
If you want your life to change, you have to change yourself first. If you 
do not change yourself, and stay the same, you r life will stay the same.  
People that read one book after another never become enlightened spiritual 
beings. It is best to just read The Present over and over and take the next step.  
Reading this book is just the first step. The next step is to help the t ruth. 
 
Those who have the privilege to know, have the duty to act. 
Albert Einstein  
 
If you are not part of the solution, you are part of the problem.  
 
Many people read this book and think they know the truth, then fade right 
back into the animal realm. The  power and influence of the animal mind 
cannot be overstated. You have lived in the animal realm for a half billion 
years. What makes people think reading a book for an hour can change all 
that? You have to be 100% in your effort to stay in the truth.  
 
 
 
 
 
133  Globaltruthproject.com   If you are old enough (time on earth) and you have paid your dues helping 
spread the truth, how life works becomes clear to you. Your age is not up to 
you, but helping the truth is, so give it all you can. It is how you feel about  
yourself that counts. If you feel you have given all you can, then you are in the 
best position you can be in, and you know it. If you are not doing what you  
can, you also know it. You judge yourself. You never know when you are 
going to die, so you always want to be in the best position you can be. 
Reading about the truth does not mean you know the truth.  
Reflection of environment: Understanding the balance, immortality, and 
your history completely makes it possible for you to relax completely and 
live in the present completely, which fulfills you completely. The problem is, 
you are a reflection of your environment, and the animal environment will 
not allow the above to happen much of the time, so all you can do is work 
to change it with the kno wledge that you will change it or die  trying.  
You win either way, because if you die trying, you are reborn in an 
environment in the future on earth after it has changed from your efforts and  
the efforts of others on the path. You will be reborn in an environment of truth 
and life, what religions call heaven. It could be ten years, a thousand years, or 
millions of years in the future. It will not matter to you, because it will seem to 
you as only a second from the time you die until  you are reborn in a heaven. 
There will be a heaven on earth eventually, even if it takes another billion 
years. You can't lose if you are helping to spread the truth, helping to create a 
heaven. It could happen in a few  years.  
Goal of book: It will be difficult to be a truth seeker/spreader and live in  
the truth of life until you make the connection with what I call the collective 
unconscious, what religions call the Holy Spirit. The goal of my books and 
everything we do is to help people make that connection. You will know 
when it happens, because you will realize you are not alone; you are 
connected to an all-knowing power, what religions call God, that is 
omnipresent and omni -powerful, is everywhere and does everything. It is 
everything excep t for the animal mind, and it is the animal mind in an 
indirect way. When you see it, connect with it, you will see life perfectly 
clear. You see the magic of life, the perfection. You become invincible and 
are locked in on the path to a heaven, and you kn ow it. That makes this life 
as good as it can be, and the next life  perfect.  
For the next step, please contact our webpage . 
LIFE KNOWING LIFE, LEARN IT & EARN IT.  
 
© 2007 -2014 All Rights Reserved  
 
 
134 